abakę 
	a b a k ɛ 
	a b a k ɛ~
abakusie 
	a b a k u ɕ ɛ 
	a b a k u ɕ i ɛ
abakusie 
	a b a k u ɕ ɛ 
	a b a k u ɕ i ɛ
abakusów 
	a b a k u s u f 
	a b a k u s u v
abazję 
	a b a z j ɛ 
	a b a z j ɛ~
abażurów 
	a b a ʐ u r u f 
	a b a ʐ u r u v
abdykację 
	a b d ɨ k a t͡s j ɛ 
	a b d ɨ k a t͡s j ɛ~
aberracjach 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j a x 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j a x
aberracjami 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j a mʲ i 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j a mʲ i
aberracją 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j ɔ̃ 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j ɔ̃
aberracja 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j a 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j a
aberracje 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j ɛ 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j ɛ
aberrację 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j ɛ 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j ɛ~
aberracje 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j ɛ 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j ɛ
aberracje 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j ɛ 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j ɛ
aberracji 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j i 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j i
aberracji 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j i 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j i
aberracji 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j i 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j i
aberracji 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j i 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j i
aberracjom 
	a b ɛ r a t͡s j ɔ m 
	a b ɛ r r a t͡s j ɔ m
abiogenezach 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z a x 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z a x
abiogenezami 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z a mʲ i 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z a mʲ i
abiogenezą 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z ɔ̃ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z ɔ̃
abiogeneza 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z a 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z a
abiogenezę 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z ɛ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z ɛ~
abiogenezie 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ ʑ ɛ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ ʑ i ɛ
abiogenezie 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ ʑ ɛ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ ʑ i ɛ
abiogenez 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ s 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ s
abiogenezom 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z ɔ m 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z ɔ m
abiogenezo 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z ɔ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z ɔ
abiogenezy 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z ɨ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z ɨ
abiogenezy 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z ɨ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z ɨ
abiogenezy 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z ɨ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z ɨ
abiogenezy 
	a bʲ ɔ ɡ ɛ n ɛ z ɨ 
	a bʲ i ɔ g ɛ n ɛ z ɨ
abituriencie 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
abituriencie 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
abiturienci 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t͡ɕ i 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t͡sʲ i
abiturienci 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t͡ɕ i 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t͡sʲ i
abiturientach 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t a x 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t a x
abiturientami 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t a mʲ i
abiturienta 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t a 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t a
abiturienta 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t a 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t a
abiturientem 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t ɛ m 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t ɛ m
abiturient 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t
abiturientom 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t ɔ m 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t ɔ m
abiturientowi 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t ɔ vʲ i 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t ɔ vʲ i
abiturientów 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t u f 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t u v
abiturientów 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ j ɛ n t u f 
	a bʲ i t u rʲ i ɛ n t u v
ablację 
	a b l a t͡s j ɛ 
	a b l a t͡s j ɛ~
ablatywie 
	a b l a t ɨ vʲ ɛ 
	a b l a t ɨ vʲ i ɛ
ablatywie 
	a b l a t ɨ vʲ ɛ 
	a b l a t ɨ vʲ i ɛ
ablatyw 
	a b l a t ɨ f 
	a b l a t ɨ v
ablatyw 
	a b l a t ɨ f 
	a b l a t ɨ v
ablatywów 
	a b l a t ɨ v u f 
	a b l a t ɨ v u v
abnegacie 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a b n ɛ g a t͡sʲ i ɛ
abnegacie 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a b n ɛ g a t͡sʲ i ɛ
abnegaci 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t͡ɕ i 
	a b n ɛ g a t͡sʲ i
abnegaci 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t͡ɕ i 
	a b n ɛ g a t͡sʲ i
abnegatach 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t a x 
	a b n ɛ g a t a x
abnegatami 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t a mʲ i 
	a b n ɛ g a t a mʲ i
abnegata 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t a 
	a b n ɛ g a t a
abnegata 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t a 
	a b n ɛ g a t a
abnegatem 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t ɛ m 
	a b n ɛ g a t ɛ m
abnegat 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t 
	a b n ɛ g a t
abnegatom 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t ɔ m 
	a b n ɛ g a t ɔ m
abnegatowi 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t ɔ vʲ i 
	a b n ɛ g a t ɔ vʲ i
abnegatów 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t u f 
	a b n ɛ g a t u v
abnegatów 
	a b n ɛ ɡ a t u f 
	a b n ɛ g a t u v
abonamencie 
	a b ɔ n a m ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a b ɔ n a m ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
abonamencie 
	a b ɔ n a m ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a b ɔ n a m ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
abonamentów 
	a b ɔ n a m ɛ n t u f 
	a b ɔ n a m ɛ n t u v
abonencie 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
abonencie 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
abonenci 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t͡ɕ i 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t͡sʲ i
abonenci 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t͡ɕ i 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t͡sʲ i
abonentów 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t u f 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t u v
abonentów 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t u f 
	a b ɔ n ɛ n t u v
abonowania 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ a 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i a
abonowaniem 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ m 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ m
abonowanie 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
abonowanie 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
abonowanie 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
abonowaniu 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ u 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i u
abonowaniu 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ u 
	a b ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i u
aborcję 
	a b ɔ r t͡s j ɛ 
	a b ɔ r t͡s j ɛ~
absolwencie 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
absolwencie 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
absolwenci 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t͡ɕ i 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t͡sʲ i
absolwenci 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t͡ɕ i 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t͡sʲ i
absolwentów 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t u f 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t u v
absolwentów 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t u f 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t u v
absolwentkę 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t k ɛ 
	a p s ɔ l v ɛ n t k ɛ~
absorpcję 
	a p s ɔ r p t͡s j ɛ 
	a p s ɔ r p t͡s j ɛ~
abstrakcję 
	a p s t r a k t͡s j ɛ 
	a p s t r a k t͡s j ɛ~
abstynencję 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡s j ɛ 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡s j ɛ~
abstynencie 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
abstynencie 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
abstynenci 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡ɕ i 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡sʲ i
abstynenci 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡ɕ i 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t͡sʲ i
abstynentów 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t u f 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t u v
abstynentów 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t u f 
	a p s t ɨ n ɛ n t u v
absurdów 
	a p s u r d u f 
	a p s u r d u v
absurdzie 
	a p s u r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	a p s u r d ʑ i ɛ
absurdzie 
	a p s u r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	a p s u r d ʑ i ɛ
absurdyzmie 
	a p s u r d ɨ z mʲ ɛ 
	a p s u r d ɨ z mʲ i ɛ
absurdyzmie 
	a p s u r d ɨ z mʲ ɛ 
	a p s u r d ɨ z mʲ i ɛ
absyncie 
	a p s ɨ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a p s ɨ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
absyncie 
	a p s ɨ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a p s ɨ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
absyntów 
	a p s ɨ n t u f 
	a p s ɨ n t u v
acetonie 
	a t͡s ɛ t ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	a t͡s ɛ t ɔ ɲ i ɛ
acetonie 
	a t͡s ɛ t ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	a t͡s ɛ t ɔ ɲ i ɛ
acetonów 
	a t͡s ɛ t ɔ n u f 
	a t͡s ɛ t ɔ n u v
achromatopsją 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p s j ɔ̃ 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p z j ɔ̃
achromatopsja 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p s j a 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p z j a
achromatopsję 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p s j ɛ 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p z j ɛ~
achromatopsji 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p s j i 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p z j i
achromatopsji 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p s j i 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p z j i
achromatopsji 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p s j i 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p z j i
achromatopsjo 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p s j ɔ 
	a x r ɔ m a t ɔ p z j ɔ
adapterów 
	a d a p t ɛ r u f 
	a d a p t ɛ r u v
adepcie 
	a d ɛ p t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a d ɛ p t͡sʲ i ɛ
adepcie 
	a d ɛ p t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a d ɛ p t͡sʲ i ɛ
adepci 
	a d ɛ p t͡ɕ i 
	a d ɛ p t͡sʲ i
adepci 
	a d ɛ p t͡ɕ i 
	a d ɛ p t͡sʲ i
adeptów 
	a d ɛ p t u f 
	a d ɛ p t u v
adeptów 
	a d ɛ p t u f 
	a d ɛ p t u v
adiutancie 
	a d j u t a n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a dʲ i u t a n t͡sʲ i ɛ
adiutancie 
	a d j u t a n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a dʲ i u t a n t͡sʲ i ɛ
adiutanci 
	a d j u t a n t͡ɕ i 
	a dʲ i u t a n t͡sʲ i
adiutanci 
	a d j u t a n t͡ɕ i 
	a dʲ i u t a n t͡sʲ i
adiutantach 
	a d j u t a n t a x 
	a dʲ i u t a n t a x
adiutantami 
	a d j u t a n t a mʲ i 
	a dʲ i u t a n t a mʲ i
adiutanta 
	a d j u t a n t a 
	a dʲ i u t a n t a
adiutanta 
	a d j u t a n t a 
	a dʲ i u t a n t a
adiutantem 
	a d j u t a n t ɛ m 
	a dʲ i u t a n t ɛ m
adiutant 
	a d j u t a n t 
	a dʲ i u t a n t
adiutantom 
	a d j u t a n t ɔ m 
	a dʲ i u t a n t ɔ m
adiutantowi 
	a d j u t a n t ɔ vʲ i 
	a dʲ i u t a n t ɔ vʲ i
adiutantów 
	a d j u t a n t u f 
	a dʲ i u t a n t u v
adiutantów 
	a d j u t a n t u f 
	a dʲ i u t a n t u v
administrację 
	a d mʲ i ɲ i s t r a t͡s j ɛ 
	a d mʲ i ɲ i s t r a t͡s j ɛ~
administratorów 
	a d mʲ i ɲ i s t r a t ɔ r u f 
	a d mʲ i ɲ i s t r a t ɔ r u v
administratorów 
	a d mʲ i ɲ i s t r a t ɔ r u f 
	a d mʲ i ɲ i s t r a t ɔ r u v
administratorkę 
	a d mʲ i ɲ i s t r a t ɔ r k ɛ 
	a d mʲ i ɲ i s t r a t ɔ r k ɛ~
adopcję 
	a d ɔ p t͡s j ɛ 
	a d ɔ p t͡s j ɛ~
adorację 
	a d ɔ r a t͡s j ɛ 
	a d ɔ r a t͡s j ɛ~
adrenaliną 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɔ̃ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɔ̃
adrenalina 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i n a 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i n a
adrenalinę 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɛ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɛ~
adrenalinie 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
adrenalinie 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
adrenalino 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɔ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɔ
adrenaliny 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɨ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɨ
adrenaliny 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɨ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɨ
adrenaliny 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɨ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɨ
adrenaliny 
	a d r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɨ 
	a t r ɛ n a lʲ i n ɨ
adresach 
	a d r ɛ s a x 
	a t r ɛ s a x
adresami 
	a d r ɛ s a mʲ i 
	a t r ɛ s a mʲ i
adresem 
	a d r ɛ s ɛ m 
	a t r ɛ s ɛ m
adresie 
	a d r ɛ ɕ ɛ 
	a t r ɛ ɕ i ɛ
adresie 
	a d r ɛ ɕ ɛ 
	a t r ɛ ɕ i ɛ
adres 
	a d r ɛ s 
	a t r ɛ s
adres 
	a d r ɛ s 
	a t r ɛ s
adresom 
	a d r ɛ s ɔ m 
	a t r ɛ s ɔ m
adresowi 
	a d r ɛ s ɔ vʲ i 
	a t r ɛ s ɔ vʲ i
adresów 
	a d r ɛ s u f 
	a t r ɛ s u v
adresu 
	a d r ɛ s u 
	a t r ɛ s u
adresy 
	a d r ɛ s ɨ 
	a t r ɛ s ɨ
adresy 
	a d r ɛ s ɨ 
	a t r ɛ s ɨ
adresy 
	a d r ɛ s ɨ 
	a t r ɛ s ɨ
adresacie 
	a d r ɛ s a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a t r ɛ s a t͡sʲ i ɛ
adresacie 
	a d r ɛ s a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a t r ɛ s a t͡sʲ i ɛ
adresaci 
	a d r ɛ s a t͡ɕ i 
	a t r ɛ s a t͡sʲ i
adresaci 
	a d r ɛ s a t͡ɕ i 
	a t r ɛ s a t͡sʲ i
adresatach 
	a d r ɛ s a t a x 
	a t r ɛ s a t a x
adresatami 
	a d r ɛ s a t a mʲ i 
	a t r ɛ s a t a mʲ i
adresata 
	a d r ɛ s a t a 
	a t r ɛ s a t a
adresata 
	a d r ɛ s a t a 
	a t r ɛ s a t a
adresatem 
	a d r ɛ s a t ɛ m 
	a t r ɛ s a t ɛ m
adresat 
	a d r ɛ s a t 
	a t r ɛ s a t
adresatom 
	a d r ɛ s a t ɔ m 
	a t r ɛ s a t ɔ m
adresatowi 
	a d r ɛ s a t ɔ vʲ i 
	a t r ɛ s a t ɔ vʲ i
adresatów 
	a d r ɛ s a t u f 
	a t r ɛ s a t u v
adresatów 
	a d r ɛ s a t u f 
	a t r ɛ s a t u v
adwencie 
	a d v ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a d v ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
adwencie 
	a d v ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a d v ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
adwentów 
	a d v ɛ n t u f 
	a d v ɛ n t u v
agat 
	a ɡ a t 
	a g a t
agat 
	a ɡ a t 
	a g a t
agawa 
	a ɡ a v a 
	a g a v a
agentura 
	a ɡ ɛ n t u r a 
	a g ɛ n t u r a
aglomeracja 
	a ɡ l ɔ m ɛ r a t͡s j a 
	a g l ɔ m ɛ r a t͡s j a
agnostyk 
	a ɡ n ɔ s t ɨ k 
	a g n ɔ s t ɨ k
agora 
	a ɡ ɔ r a 
	a g ɔ r a
agrafka 
	a ɡ r a f k a 
	a k r a f k a
agregat 
	a ɡ r ɛ ɡ a t 
	a k r ɛ g a t
agregat 
	a ɡ r ɛ ɡ a t 
	a k r ɛ g a t
agresja 
	a ɡ r ɛ s j a 
	a k r ɛ z j a
agrest 
	a ɡ r ɛ s t 
	a k r ɛ s t
agrest 
	a ɡ r ɛ s t 
	a k r ɛ s t
akademia 
	a k a d ɛ mʲ a 
	a k a d ɛ mʲ i a
akcjonariusz 
	a k t͡s j ɔ n a rʲ j u ʂ 
	a k t͡s j ɔ n a rʲ i u ʂ
akosmizm 
	a k ɔ s mʲ i z m 
	a k ɔ z mʲ i z m
akosmizm 
	a k ɔ s mʲ i z m 
	a k ɔ z mʲ i z m
akrobacie 
	a k r ɔ b a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a k r ɔ b a t͡sʲ i ɛ
akrobacie 
	a k r ɔ b a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a k r ɔ b a t͡sʲ i ɛ
aksjomat 
	a k s j ɔ m a t 
	a k z j ɔ m a t
aksjomat 
	a k s j ɔ m a t 
	a k z j ɔ m a t
aktuariusz 
	a k t u a rʲ j u ʂ 
	a k t u a rʲ i u ʂ
akuzatyw 
	a k u z a t ɨ f 
	a k u z a t ɨ v
akuzatyw 
	a k u z a t ɨ f 
	a k u z a t ɨ v
akwaria 
	a k f a rʲ j a 
	a g v a rʲ i a
akwaria 
	a k f a rʲ j a 
	a g v a rʲ i a
akwaria 
	a k f a rʲ j a 
	a g v a rʲ i a
akwarium 
	a k f a rʲ j u m 
	a g v a rʲ i u m
akwarium 
	a k f a rʲ j u m 
	a g v a rʲ i u m
akwarium 
	a k f a rʲ j u m 
	a g v a rʲ i u m
akwarium 
	a k f a rʲ j u m 
	a g v a rʲ i u m
akwarium 
	a k f a rʲ j u m 
	a g v a rʲ i u m
akwarium 
	a k f a rʲ j u m 
	a g v a rʲ i u m
akwarium 
	a k f a rʲ j u m 
	a g v a rʲ i u m
akwedukt 
	a k f ɛ d u k t 
	a g v ɛ d u k t
akwedukt 
	a k f ɛ d u k t 
	a g v ɛ d u k t
alegoria 
	a l ɛ ɡ ɔ rʲ j a 
	a l ɛ g ɔ rʲ i a
alegorie 
	a l ɛ ɡ ɔ rʲ j ɛ 
	a l ɛ g ɔ rʲ i ɛ
alegorię 
	a l ɛ ɡ ɔ rʲ j ɛ 
	a l ɛ g ɔ rʲ i ɛ~
alegorie 
	a l ɛ ɡ ɔ rʲ j ɛ 
	a l ɛ g ɔ rʲ i ɛ
alegorie 
	a l ɛ ɡ ɔ rʲ j ɛ 
	a l ɛ g ɔ rʲ i ɛ
alergen 
	a l ɛ r ɡ ɛ n 
	a l ɛ r g ɛ n
alergen 
	a l ɛ r ɡ ɛ n 
	a l ɛ r g ɛ n
alergią 
	a l ɛ r ɡʲ ɔ̃ 
	a l ɛ r gʲ i ɔ̃
alergia 
	a l ɛ r ɡʲ j a 
	a l ɛ r gʲ i a
alergie 
	a l ɛ r ɡʲ ɛ 
	a l ɛ r gʲ i ɛ
alergię 
	a l ɛ r ɡʲ ɛ 
	a l ɛ r gʲ i ɛ~
alergie 
	a l ɛ r ɡʲ ɛ 
	a l ɛ r gʲ i ɛ
alergie 
	a l ɛ r ɡʲ ɛ 
	a l ɛ r gʲ i ɛ
alergio 
	a l ɛ r ɡʲ j ɔ 
	a l ɛ r gʲ i ɔ
alergolog 
	a l ɛ r ɡ ɔ l ɔ k 
	a l ɛ r g ɔ l ɔ k
alfabecie 
	a l f a b ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a l f a b ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
alfabecie 
	a l f a b ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	a l f a b ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
alfons 
	a l f ɔ̃ s 
	a l f ɔ n s
algebra 
	a l ɡ ɛ b r a 
	a l g ɛ p r a
algorytm 
	a l ɡ ɔ r ɨ t m 
	a l g ɔ r ɨ d m
algorytm 
	a l ɡ ɔ r ɨ t m 
	a l g ɔ r ɨ d m
algorytmy 
	a l ɡ ɔ r ɨ t m ɨ 
	a l g ɔ r ɨ d m ɨ
algorytmy 
	a l ɡ ɔ r ɨ t m ɨ 
	a l g ɔ r ɨ d m ɨ
algorytmy 
	a l ɡ ɔ r ɨ t m ɨ 
	a l g ɔ r ɨ d m ɨ
alpaga 
	a l p a ɡ a 
	a l p a g a
alrauna 
	a l r a w n a 
	a l r a u n a
altówka 
	a l t u f k a 
	a l t u v k a
ambulatorium 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ i u m
ambulatorium 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ i u m
ambulatorium 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ i u m
ambulatorium 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ i u m
ambulatorium 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ i u m
ambulatorium 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ i u m
ambulatorium 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a m b u l a t ɔ rʲ i u m
aminokwas 
	a mʲ i n ɔ k f a s 
	a mʲ i n ɔ g v a s
aminokwas 
	a mʲ i n ɔ k f a s 
	a mʲ i n ɔ g v a s
amnestia 
	a m n ɛ s t j a 
	a m n ɛ s tʲ i a
amoniak 
	a m ɔ ɲ a k 
	a m ɔ ɲ i a k
amoniak 
	a m ɔ ɲ a k 
	a m ɔ ɲ i a k
amperomierz 
	a m p ɛ r ɔ mʲ ɛ ʂ 
	a m p ɛ r ɔ mʲ i ɛ ʂ
amperomierz 
	a m p ɛ r ɔ mʲ ɛ ʂ 
	a m p ɛ r ɔ mʲ i ɛ ʂ
amplituda 
	a m p lʲ i t u d a 
	a m b lʲ i t u d a
anagram 
	a n a ɡ r a m 
	a n a k r a m
anagram 
	a n a ɡ r a m 
	a n a k r a m
analogia 
	a n a l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	a n a l ɔ gʲ i a
android 
	a n d r ɔ i t 
	a n t r ɔ i t
anegdota 
	a n ɛ ɡ d ɔ t a 
	a n ɛ g d ɔ t a
angielszczyzna 
	a n ɡʲ ɛ l ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n a 
	a n gʲ i ɛ l ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n a
angina 
	a n ɡʲ i n a 
	a n gʲ i n a
anglista 
	a n ɡ lʲ i s t a 
	a n g lʲ i s t a
aniele 
	a ɲ ɛ l ɛ 
	a ɲ i ɛ l ɛ
aniele 
	a ɲ ɛ l ɛ 
	a ɲ i ɛ l ɛ
anioła 
	a ɲ ɔ w a 
	a ɲ i ɔ w a
anioła 
	a ɲ ɔ w a 
	a ɲ i ɔ w a
anioł 
	a ɲ ɔ w 
	a ɲ i ɔ w
aniołek 
	a ɲ ɔ w ɛ k 
	a ɲ i ɔ w ɛ k
anion 
	a ɲ j ɔ n 
	a ɲ i ɔ n
anion 
	a ɲ j ɔ n 
	a ɲ i ɔ n
anons 
	a n ɔ̃ s 
	a n ɔ n s
anons 
	a n ɔ̃ s 
	a n ɔ n s
antidotum 
	a n t i d ɔ t u m 
	a n tʲ i d ɔ t u m
antidotum 
	a n t i d ɔ t u m 
	a n tʲ i d ɔ t u m
antidotum 
	a n t i d ɔ t u m 
	a n tʲ i d ɔ t u m
antidotum 
	a n t i d ɔ t u m 
	a n tʲ i d ɔ t u m
antidotum 
	a n t i d ɔ t u m 
	a n tʲ i d ɔ t u m
antidotum 
	a n t i d ɔ t u m 
	a n tʲ i d ɔ t u m
antidotum 
	a n t i d ɔ t u m 
	a n tʲ i d ɔ t u m
antologia 
	a n t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	a n t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
antygen 
	a n t ɨ ɡ ɛ n 
	a n t ɨ g ɛ n
antygen 
	a n t ɨ ɡ ɛ n 
	a n t ɨ g ɛ n
antyklina 
	a n t ɨ k lʲ i n a 
	a n t ɨ g lʲ i n a
antypapież 
	a n t ɨ p a pʲ ɛ ʂ 
	a n t ɨ p a pʲ i ɛ ʂ
antyszczepionkowiec 
	a n t ɨ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ ɔ n k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	a n t ɨ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ i ɔ n k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
apopleksja 
	a p ɔ p l ɛ k s j a 
	a p ɔ b l ɛ k z j a
Failed:  aquapark
Failed:  aquapark
archanioł 
	a r x a ɲ ɔ w 
	a r x a ɲ i ɔ w
archidiecezja 
	a r xʲ i d j ɛ t͡s ɛ z j a 
	a r xʲ i dʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ z j a
archiwów 
	a r xʲ i v u f 
	a r xʲ i v u v
arcydzieło 
	a r t͡s ɨ d͡ʑ ɛ w ɔ 
	a r t͡s ɨ d ʑ i ɛ w ɔ
arcydzieło 
	a r t͡s ɨ d͡ʑ ɛ w ɔ 
	a r t͡s ɨ d ʑ i ɛ w ɔ
arcydzieło 
	a r t͡s ɨ d͡ʑ ɛ w ɔ 
	a r t͡s ɨ d ʑ i ɛ w ɔ
arginina 
	a r ɡʲ i ɲ i n a 
	a r gʲ i ɲ i n a
argon 
	a r ɡ ɔ n 
	a r g ɔ n
argon 
	a r ɡ ɔ n 
	a r g ɔ n
aria 
	a rʲ j a 
	a rʲ i a
armia 
	a r mʲ a 
	a r mʲ i a
armię 
	a r mʲ ɛ 
	a r mʲ i ɛ~
armii 
	a r mʲ j i 
	a r mʲ i i
armii 
	a r mʲ j i 
	a r mʲ i i
armii 
	a r mʲ j i 
	a r mʲ i i
armii 
	a r mʲ j i 
	a r mʲ i i
arminianizm 
	a r mʲ i ɲ a ɲ i z m 
	a r mʲ i ɲ i a ɲ i z m
arminianizm 
	a r mʲ i ɲ a ɲ i z m 
	a r mʲ i ɲ i a ɲ i z m
aronia 
	a r ɔ ɲ j a 
	a r ɔ ɲ i a
arsenian 
	a r s ɛ ɲ a n 
	a r s ɛ ɲ i a n
arsenian 
	a r s ɛ ɲ a n 
	a r s ɛ ɲ i a n
asparagina 
	a s p a r a ɡʲ i n a 
	a s p a r a gʲ i n a
astronauta 
	a s t r ɔ n a w t a 
	a s t r ɔ n a u t a
astronautka 
	a s t r ɔ n a w t k a 
	a s t r ɔ n a u t k a
atakiem 
	a t a kʲ ɛ m 
	a t a kʲ i ɛ m
ataków 
	a t a k u f 
	a t a k u v
atlas 
	a t l a s 
	a d l a s
atlas 
	a t l a s 
	a d l a s
atmosfera 
	a t m ɔ s f ɛ r a 
	a d m ɔ s f ɛ r a
audycja 
	a w d ɨ t͡s j a 
	a u d ɨ t͡s j a
audytorium 
	a w d ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a u d ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
audytorium 
	a w d ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a u d ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
audytorium 
	a w d ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a u d ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
audytorium 
	a w d ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a u d ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
audytorium 
	a w d ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a u d ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
audytorium 
	a w d ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a u d ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
audytorium 
	a w d ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	a u d ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
aukcja 
	a w k t͡s j a 
	a u k t͡s j a
aula 
	a w l a 
	a u l a
aureola 
	a w r ɛ ɔ l a 
	a u r ɛ ɔ l a
auta 
	a w t a 
	a u t a
auta 
	a w t a 
	a u t a
auta 
	a w t a 
	a u t a
auta 
	a w t a 
	a u t a
aut 
	a w t 
	a u t
auto 
	a w t ɔ 
	a u t ɔ
auto 
	a w t ɔ 
	a u t ɔ
auto 
	a w t ɔ 
	a u t ɔ
autu 
	a w t u 
	a u t u
autobiografia 
	a w t ɔ bʲ ɔ ɡ r a fʲ a 
	a u t ɔ bʲ i ɔ k r a fʲ i a
autobus 
	a w t ɔ b u s 
	a u t ɔ b u s
autobus 
	a w t ɔ b u s 
	a u t ɔ b u s
autograf 
	a w t ɔ ɡ r a f 
	a u t ɔ k r a f
autograf 
	a w t ɔ ɡ r a f 
	a u t ɔ k r a f
autokar 
	a w t ɔ k a r 
	a u t ɔ k a r
autokar 
	a w t ɔ k a r 
	a u t ɔ k a r
automat 
	a w t ɔ m a t 
	a u t ɔ m a t
automat 
	a w t ɔ m a t 
	a u t ɔ m a t
autoportret 
	a w t ɔ p ɔ r t r ɛ t 
	a u t ɔ p ɔ r t r ɛ t
autoportret 
	a w t ɔ p ɔ r t r ɛ t 
	a u t ɔ p ɔ r t r ɛ t
autopsja 
	a w t ɔ p s j a 
	a u t ɔ p z j a
autor 
	a w t ɔ r 
	a u t ɔ r
autorytaryzm 
	a w t ɔ r ɨ t a r ɨ z m 
	a u t ɔ r ɨ t a r ɨ z m
autorytaryzm 
	a w t ɔ r ɨ t a r ɨ z m 
	a u t ɔ r ɨ t a r ɨ z m
autostop 
	a w t ɔ s t ɔ p 
	a u t ɔ s t ɔ p
autostop 
	a w t ɔ s t ɔ p 
	a u t ɔ s t ɔ p
autostrada 
	a w t ɔ s t r a d a 
	a u t ɔ s t r a d a
awangarda 
	a v a n ɡ a r d a 
	a v a n g a r d a
awaria 
	a v a rʲ j a 
	a v a rʲ i a
babcia 
	b a p t͡ɕ a 
	b a p t͡sʲ i a
babci 
	b a p t͡ɕ i 
	b a p t͡sʲ i
babci 
	b a p t͡ɕ i 
	b a p t͡sʲ i
babci 
	b a p t͡ɕ i 
	b a p t͡sʲ i
babciu 
	b a p t͡ɕ u 
	b a p t͡sʲ i u
bąbelek 
	b ɔ m b ɛ l ɛ k 
	b ɔ̃ b ɛ l ɛ k
bąbelek 
	b ɔ m b ɛ l ɛ k 
	b ɔ̃ b ɛ l ɛ k
babunia 
	b a b u ɲ a 
	b a b u ɲ i a
badania 
	b a d a ɲ a 
	b a d a ɲ i a
badania 
	b a d a ɲ a 
	b a d a ɲ i a
badania 
	b a d a ɲ a 
	b a d a ɲ i a
badania 
	b a d a ɲ a 
	b a d a ɲ i a
badanie 
	b a d a ɲ ɛ 
	b a d a ɲ i ɛ
badanie 
	b a d a ɲ ɛ 
	b a d a ɲ i ɛ
badanie 
	b a d a ɲ ɛ 
	b a d a ɲ i ɛ
bagaż 
	b a ɡ a ʂ 
	b a g a ʂ
bagaż 
	b a ɡ a ʂ 
	b a g a ʂ
bagażnik 
	b a ɡ a ʐ ɲ i k 
	b a g a ʐ ɲ i k
bagażnik 
	b a ɡ a ʐ ɲ i k 
	b a g a ʐ ɲ i k
bagietka 
	b a ɡʲ ɛ t k a 
	b a gʲ i ɛ t k a
bagnet 
	b a ɡ n ɛ t 
	b a g n ɛ t
bagnet 
	b a ɡ n ɛ t 
	b a g n ɛ t
bagnica 
	b a ɡ ɲ i t͡s a 
	b a g ɲ i t͡s a
bagien 
	b a ɡʲ ɛ n 
	b a gʲ i ɛ n
bagna 
	b a ɡ n a 
	b a g n a
bagna 
	b a ɡ n a 
	b a g n a
bagna 
	b a ɡ n a 
	b a g n a
bagna 
	b a ɡ n a 
	b a g n a
bagnem 
	b a ɡ n ɛ m 
	b a g n ɛ m
bagnie 
	b a ɡ ɲ ɛ 
	b a g ɲ i ɛ
bagno 
	b a ɡ n ɔ 
	b a g n ɔ
bagno 
	b a ɡ n ɔ 
	b a g n ɔ
bagno 
	b a ɡ n ɔ 
	b a g n ɔ
bagnu 
	b a ɡ n u 
	b a g n u
bajgiel 
	b a j ɡʲ ɛ l 
	b a j gʲ i ɛ l
bajgiel 
	b a j ɡʲ ɛ l 
	b a j gʲ i ɛ l
bajkę 
	b a j k ɛ 
	b a j k ɛ~
bąkach 
	b ɔ ŋ k a x 
	b ɔ̃ k a x
bąkami 
	b ɔ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	b ɔ̃ k a mʲ i
bąka 
	b ɔ ŋ k a 
	b ɔ̃ k a
bąka 
	b ɔ ŋ k a 
	b ɔ̃ k a
bakiem 
	b a kʲ ɛ m 
	b a kʲ i ɛ m
bąkiem 
	b ɔ ŋ kʲ ɛ m 
	b ɔ̃ kʲ i ɛ m
bąki 
	b ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	b ɔ̃ kʲ i
bąki 
	b ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	b ɔ̃ kʲ i
bąki 
	b ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	b ɔ̃ kʲ i
bąk 
	b ɔ ŋ k 
	b ɔ̃ k
bąkom 
	b ɔ ŋ k ɔ m 
	b ɔ̃ k ɔ m
bąkowi 
	b ɔ ŋ k ɔ vʲ i 
	b ɔ̃ k ɔ vʲ i
bąku 
	b ɔ ŋ k u 
	b ɔ̃ k u
bąku 
	b ɔ ŋ k u 
	b ɔ̃ k u
bakburta 
	b a ɡ b u r t a 
	b a g b u r t a
bakteria 
	b a k t ɛ rʲ j a 
	b a k t ɛ rʲ i a
bandzior 
	b a n d͡ʑ ɔ r 
	b a n d ʑ i ɔ r
baniach 
	b a ɲ a x 
	b a ɲ i a x
baniami 
	b a ɲ a mʲ i 
	b a ɲ i a mʲ i
banią 
	b a ɲ ɔ̃ 
	b a ɲ i ɔ̃
bania 
	b a ɲ a 
	b a ɲ i a
banie 
	b a ɲ ɛ 
	b a ɲ i ɛ
banię 
	b a ɲ ɛ 
	b a ɲ i ɛ~
banie 
	b a ɲ ɛ 
	b a ɲ i ɛ
banie 
	b a ɲ ɛ 
	b a ɲ i ɛ
baniom 
	b a ɲ ɔ m 
	b a ɲ i ɔ m
banio 
	b a ɲ ɔ 
	b a ɲ i ɔ
baniek 
	b a ɲ ɛ k 
	b a ɲ i ɛ k
bańkę 
	b a ɲ k ɛ 
	b a ɲ k ɛ~
bank 
	b a ŋ k 
	b a n k
bank 
	b a ŋ k 
	b a n k
bankiet 
	b a n kʲ ɛ t 
	b a n kʲ i ɛ t
bankiet 
	b a n kʲ ɛ t 
	b a n kʲ i ɛ t
banknot 
	b a n k n ɔ t 
	b a n g n ɔ t
banknot 
	b a n k n ɔ t 
	b a n g n ɔ t
bankructwo 
	b a n k r u t͡s t f ɔ 
	b a n k r u t͡s d v ɔ
bankructwo 
	b a n k r u t͡s t f ɔ 
	b a n k r u t͡s d v ɔ
bankructwo 
	b a n k r u t͡s t f ɔ 
	b a n k r u t͡s d v ɔ
bankrutowanie 
	b a n k r u t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b a n k r u t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
bankrutowanie 
	b a n k r u t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b a n k r u t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
bankrutowanie 
	b a n k r u t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b a n k r u t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
baranie 
	b a r a ɲ ɛ 
	b a r a ɲ i ɛ
baranie 
	b a r a ɲ ɛ 
	b a r a ɲ i ɛ
barbarzyństwo 
	b a r b a ʐ ɨ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	b a r b a ʐ ɨ ɲ s d v ɔ
barbarzyństwo 
	b a r b a ʐ ɨ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	b a r b a ʐ ɨ ɲ s d v ɔ
barbarzyństwo 
	b a r b a ʐ ɨ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	b a r b a ʐ ɨ ɲ s d v ɔ
barciach 
	b a r t͡ɕ a x 
	b a r t͡sʲ i a x
barciami 
	b a r t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
barcią 
	b a r t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	b a r t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
barci 
	b a r t͡ɕ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i
barci 
	b a r t͡ɕ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i
barci 
	b a r t͡ɕ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i
barci 
	b a r t͡ɕ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i
barci 
	b a r t͡ɕ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i
barci 
	b a r t͡ɕ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i
barci 
	b a r t͡ɕ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i
barci 
	b a r t͡ɕ i 
	b a r t͡sʲ i
barciom 
	b a r t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	b a r t͡sʲ i ɔ m
barć 
	b a r t͡ɕ 
	b a r t͡ʂ
barć 
	b a r t͡ɕ 
	b a r t͡ʂ
barion 
	b a rʲ j ɔ n 
	b a rʲ i ɔ n
barion 
	b a rʲ j ɔ n 
	b a rʲ i ɔ n
barkę 
	b a r k ɛ 
	b a r k ɛ~
barkiem 
	b a r kʲ ɛ m 
	b a r kʲ i ɛ m
barków 
	b a r k u f 
	b a r k u v
barw 
	b a r f 
	b a r v
baseball 
	b ɛ j z b ɔ l 
	b a s ɛ b a l l
baseball 
	b ɛ j z b ɔ l 
	b a s ɛ b a l l
basiora 
	b a ɕ ɔ r a 
	b a ɕ i ɔ r a
basiora 
	b a ɕ ɔ r a 
	b a ɕ i ɔ r a
basior 
	b a ɕ ɔ r 
	b a ɕ i ɔ r
baśń 
	b a ɕ ɲ 
	b a ʑ ɲ
baśń 
	b a ɕ ɲ 
	b a ʑ ɲ
bacie 
	b a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b a t͡sʲ i ɛ
bacie 
	b a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b a t͡sʲ i ɛ
batów 
	b a t u f 
	b a t u v
bateria 
	b a t ɛ rʲ j a 
	b a t ɛ rʲ i a
bawołów 
	b a v ɔ w u f 
	b a v ɔ w u v
bazylia 
	b a z ɨ lʲ a 
	b a z ɨ lʲ i a
bęben 
	b ɛ m b ɛ n 
	b ɛ~b ɛ n
bęben 
	b ɛ m b ɛ n 
	b ɛ~b ɛ n
bębnach 
	b ɛ m b n a x 
	b ɛ~b n a x
bębnami 
	b ɛ m b n a mʲ i 
	b ɛ~b n a mʲ i
bębna 
	b ɛ m b n a 
	b ɛ~b n a
bębnem 
	b ɛ m b n ɛ m 
	b ɛ~b n ɛ m
bębnie 
	b ɛ m b ɲ ɛ 
	b ɛ~b ɲ i ɛ
bębnie 
	b ɛ m b ɲ ɛ 
	b ɛ~b ɲ i ɛ
bębnom 
	b ɛ m b n ɔ m 
	b ɛ~b n ɔ m
bębnowi 
	b ɛ m b n ɔ vʲ i 
	b ɛ~b n ɔ vʲ i
bębnów 
	b ɛ m b n u f 
	b ɛ~b n u v
bębny 
	b ɛ m b n ɨ 
	b ɛ~b n ɨ
bębny 
	b ɛ m b n ɨ 
	b ɛ~b n ɨ
bębny 
	b ɛ m b n ɨ 
	b ɛ~b n ɨ
beczkę 
	b ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	b ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ~
bednia 
	b ɛ d ɲ a 
	b ɛ d ɲ i a
begonia 
	b ɛ ɡ ɔ ɲ j a 
	b ɛ g ɔ ɲ i a
behawioryzm 
	b ɛ x a vʲ ɔ r ɨ z m 
	b ɛ x a vʲ i ɔ r ɨ z m
behawioryzm 
	b ɛ x a vʲ ɔ r ɨ z m 
	b ɛ x a vʲ i ɔ r ɨ z m
bekę 
	b ɛ k ɛ 
	b ɛ k ɛ~
bękart 
	b ɛ ŋ k a r t 
	b ɛ~k a r t
bestia 
	b ɛ s t j a 
	b ɛ s tʲ i a
bezie 
	b ɛ ʑ ɛ 
	b ɛ ʑ i ɛ
bezie 
	b ɛ ʑ ɛ 
	b ɛ ʑ i ɛ
bezokolicznik 
	b ɛ z ɔ k ɔ lʲ i t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	b ɛ z ɔ k ɔ lʲ i d͡ʐ ɲ i k
bezokolicznik 
	b ɛ z ɔ k ɔ lʲ i t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	b ɛ z ɔ k ɔ lʲ i d͡ʐ ɲ i k
bezpieczeństwo 
	b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
bezpieczeństwo 
	b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
bezpieczeństwo 
	b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
bezpiecznik 
	b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
bezpiecznik 
	b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
białek 
	bʲ a w ɛ k 
	bʲ i a w ɛ k
białka 
	bʲ a w k a 
	bʲ i a w k a
białka 
	bʲ a w k a 
	bʲ i a w k a
białka 
	bʲ a w k a 
	bʲ i a w k a
białka 
	bʲ a w k a 
	bʲ i a w k a
białko 
	bʲ a w k ɔ 
	bʲ i a w k ɔ
białko 
	bʲ a w k ɔ 
	bʲ i a w k ɔ
białko 
	bʲ a w k ɔ 
	bʲ i a w k ɔ
białogłowa 
	bʲ a w ɔ ɡ w ɔ v a 
	bʲ i a w ɔ g w ɔ v a
białorzytka 
	bʲ a w ɔ ʐ ɨ t k a 
	bʲ i a w ɔ ʐ ɨ t k a
bibliografia 
	bʲ i b lʲ ɔ ɡ r a fʲ a 
	bʲ i b lʲ i ɔ k r a fʲ i a
biblioteczka 
	bʲ i b lʲ ɔ t ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	bʲ i b lʲ i ɔ t ɛ t͡ʂ k a
biblioteka 
	bʲ i b lʲ ɔ t ɛ k a 
	bʲ i b lʲ i ɔ t ɛ k a
bibliotekarka 
	bʲ i b lʲ ɔ t ɛ k a r k a 
	bʲ i b lʲ i ɔ t ɛ k a r k a
bibliotekarz 
	bʲ i b lʲ ɔ t ɛ k a ʂ 
	bʲ i b lʲ i ɔ t ɛ k a ʂ
bicie 
	bʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	bʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
bicie 
	bʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	bʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
bicie 
	bʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	bʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
bić 
	bʲ i t͡ɕ 
	bʲ i t͡ʂ
biedroneczka 
	bʲ ɛ d r ɔ n ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	bʲ i ɛ t r ɔ n ɛ t͡ʂ k a
biedronka 
	bʲ ɛ d r ɔ n k a 
	bʲ i ɛ t r ɔ n k a
biegach 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ a x 
	bʲ i ɛ g a x
biegami 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ a mʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ g a mʲ i
biegiem 
	bʲ ɛ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	bʲ i ɛ gʲ i ɛ m
biegi 
	bʲ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ gʲ i
biegi 
	bʲ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ gʲ i
biegi 
	bʲ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ gʲ i
bieg 
	bʲ ɛ k 
	bʲ i ɛ k
bieg 
	bʲ ɛ k 
	bʲ i ɛ k
biegom 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ ɔ m 
	bʲ i ɛ g ɔ m
biegowi 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ g ɔ vʲ i
biegów 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u f 
	bʲ i ɛ g u v
biegu 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u 
	bʲ i ɛ g u
biegu 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u 
	bʲ i ɛ g u
biegu 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u 
	bʲ i ɛ g u
biegun 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n
biegun 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n
biegunce 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n t͡s ɛ 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n t͡s ɛ
biegunce 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n t͡s ɛ 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n t͡s ɛ
biegunka 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n k a 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n k a
biegunki 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n kʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n kʲ i
biegunki 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n kʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n kʲ i
biegunki 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n kʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n kʲ i
biegunki 
	bʲ ɛ ɡ u n kʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ g u n kʲ i
bielik 
	bʲ ɛ lʲ i k 
	bʲ i ɛ lʲ i k
bieługa 
	bʲ ɛ w u ɡ a 
	bʲ i ɛ w u g a
bieluń 
	bʲ ɛ l u ɲ 
	bʲ i ɛ l u ɲ
bieluń 
	bʲ ɛ l u ɲ 
	bʲ i ɛ l u ɲ
biernik 
	bʲ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	bʲ i ɛ r ɲ i k
biernik 
	bʲ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	bʲ i ɛ r ɲ i k
bierwiono 
	bʲ ɛ r vʲ ɔ n ɔ 
	bʲ i ɛ r vʲ i ɔ n ɔ
bierwiono 
	bʲ ɛ r vʲ ɔ n ɔ 
	bʲ i ɛ r vʲ i ɔ n ɔ
bierwiono 
	bʲ ɛ r vʲ ɔ n ɔ 
	bʲ i ɛ r vʲ i ɔ n ɔ
bierzmowanie 
	bʲ ɛ ʐ m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	bʲ i ɛ ʐ m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
bierzmowanie 
	bʲ ɛ ʐ m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	bʲ i ɛ ʐ m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
bierzmowanie 
	bʲ ɛ ʐ m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	bʲ i ɛ ʐ m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
biesach 
	bʲ ɛ s a x 
	bʲ i ɛ s a x
biesami 
	bʲ ɛ s a mʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ s a mʲ i
biesa 
	bʲ ɛ s a 
	bʲ i ɛ s a
biesa 
	bʲ ɛ s a 
	bʲ i ɛ s a
biesem 
	bʲ ɛ s ɛ m 
	bʲ i ɛ s ɛ m
biesie 
	bʲ ɛ ɕ ɛ 
	bʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ
biesie 
	bʲ ɛ ɕ ɛ 
	bʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ
bies 
	bʲ ɛ s 
	bʲ i ɛ s
biesom 
	bʲ ɛ s ɔ m 
	bʲ i ɛ s ɔ m
biesowi 
	bʲ ɛ s ɔ vʲ i 
	bʲ i ɛ s ɔ vʲ i
biesów 
	bʲ ɛ s u f 
	bʲ i ɛ s u v
biesy 
	bʲ ɛ s ɨ 
	bʲ i ɛ s ɨ
biesy 
	bʲ ɛ s ɨ 
	bʲ i ɛ s ɨ
biesy 
	bʲ ɛ s ɨ 
	bʲ i ɛ s ɨ
biesiada 
	bʲ ɛ ɕ a d a 
	bʲ i ɛ ɕ i a d a
bioder 
	bʲ ɔ d ɛ r 
	bʲ i ɔ d ɛ r
biodrach 
	bʲ ɔ d r a x 
	bʲ i ɔ t r a x
biodrami 
	bʲ ɔ d r a mʲ i 
	bʲ i ɔ t r a mʲ i
biodra 
	bʲ ɔ d r a 
	bʲ i ɔ t r a
biodra 
	bʲ ɔ d r a 
	bʲ i ɔ t r a
biodra 
	bʲ ɔ d r a 
	bʲ i ɔ t r a
biodra 
	bʲ ɔ d r a 
	bʲ i ɔ t r a
biodrem 
	bʲ ɔ d r ɛ m 
	bʲ i ɔ t r ɛ m
biodrom 
	bʲ ɔ d r ɔ m 
	bʲ i ɔ t r ɔ m
biodro 
	bʲ ɔ d r ɔ 
	bʲ i ɔ t r ɔ
biodro 
	bʲ ɔ d r ɔ 
	bʲ i ɔ t r ɔ
biodro 
	bʲ ɔ d r ɔ 
	bʲ i ɔ t r ɔ
biodru 
	bʲ ɔ d r u 
	bʲ i ɔ t r u
biodrze 
	bʲ ɔ d ʐ ɛ 
	bʲ i ɔ d ʐ ɛ
biografia 
	bʲ ɔ ɡ r a fʲ a 
	bʲ i ɔ k r a fʲ i a
biolog 
	bʲ ɔ l ɔ k 
	bʲ i ɔ l ɔ k
bitew 
	bʲ i t ɛ f 
	bʲ i t ɛ v
bitwach 
	bʲ i t f a x 
	bʲ i d v a x
bitwami 
	bʲ i t f a mʲ i 
	bʲ i d v a mʲ i
bitwą 
	bʲ i t f ɔ̃ 
	bʲ i d v ɔ̃
bitwa 
	bʲ i t f a 
	bʲ i d v a
bitwę 
	bʲ i t f ɛ 
	bʲ i d v ɛ~
bitwie 
	bʲ i t fʲ ɛ 
	bʲ i d vʲ i ɛ
bitwie 
	bʲ i t fʲ ɛ 
	bʲ i d vʲ i ɛ
bitwom 
	bʲ i t f ɔ m 
	bʲ i d v ɔ m
bitwo 
	bʲ i t f ɔ 
	bʲ i d v ɔ
bitwy 
	bʲ i t f ɨ 
	bʲ i d v ɨ
bitwy 
	bʲ i t f ɨ 
	bʲ i d v ɨ
bitwy 
	bʲ i t f ɨ 
	bʲ i d v ɨ
bitwy 
	bʲ i t f ɨ 
	bʲ i d v ɨ
biurko 
	bʲ u r k ɔ 
	bʲ i u r k ɔ
biurko 
	bʲ u r k ɔ 
	bʲ i u r k ɔ
biurko 
	bʲ u r k ɔ 
	bʲ i u r k ɔ
biura 
	bʲ u r a 
	bʲ i u r a
biura 
	bʲ u r a 
	bʲ i u r a
biura 
	bʲ u r a 
	bʲ i u r a
biura 
	bʲ u r a 
	bʲ i u r a
biur 
	bʲ u r 
	bʲ i u r
biuro 
	bʲ u r ɔ 
	bʲ i u r ɔ
biuro 
	bʲ u r ɔ 
	bʲ i u r ɔ
biuro 
	bʲ u r ɔ 
	bʲ i u r ɔ
biurze 
	bʲ u ʐ ɛ 
	bʲ i u ʐ ɛ
biurokracja 
	bʲ u r ɔ k r a t͡s j a 
	bʲ i u r ɔ k r a t͡s j a
biurowiec 
	bʲ u r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	bʲ i u r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
biurowiec 
	bʲ u r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	bʲ i u r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
biurwa 
	bʲ u r v a 
	bʲ i u r v a
biustonosz 
	bʲ u s t ɔ n ɔ ʂ 
	bʲ i u s t ɔ n ɔ ʂ
biustonosz 
	bʲ u s t ɔ n ɔ ʂ 
	bʲ i u s t ɔ n ɔ ʂ
biznesmen 
	bʲ i z n ɛ s m ɛ n 
	bʲ i z n ɛ z m ɛ n
blachosmród 
	b l a x ɔ s m r u t 
	b l a x ɔ z m r u t
błąd 
	b w ɔ n t 
	b w ɔ̃ t
błąd 
	b w ɔ n t 
	b w ɔ̃ t
błędach 
	b w ɛ n d a x 
	b w ɛ~d a x
błędami 
	b w ɛ n d a mʲ i 
	b w ɛ~d a mʲ i
błędem 
	b w ɛ n d ɛ m 
	b w ɛ~d ɛ m
błędom 
	b w ɛ n d ɔ m 
	b w ɛ~d ɔ m
błędowi 
	b w ɛ n d ɔ vʲ i 
	b w ɛ~d ɔ vʲ i
błędów 
	b w ɛ n d u f 
	b w ɛ~d u v
błędu 
	b w ɛ n d u 
	b w ɛ~d u
błędy 
	b w ɛ n d ɨ 
	b w ɛ~d ɨ
błędy 
	b w ɛ n d ɨ 
	b w ɛ~d ɨ
błędy 
	b w ɛ n d ɨ 
	b w ɛ~d ɨ
błędzie 
	b w ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	b w ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
błędzie 
	b w ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	b w ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
blazonowanie 
	b l a z ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a z ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
blazonowanie 
	b l a z ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a z ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
blazonowanie 
	b l a z ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a z ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
błękit 
	b w ɛ ŋ kʲ i t 
	b w ɛ~kʲ i t
błękit 
	b w ɛ ŋ kʲ i t 
	b w ɛ~kʲ i t
bliźnie 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ
bliźnie 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ
bliźnię 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ~
bliźnię 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ~
bliźnię 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ~
bliźnięta 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ ɛ n t a 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ~t a
bliźnięta 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ ɛ n t a 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ~t a
bliźnięta 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ ɛ n t a 
	b lʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ~t a
blogi 
	b l ɔ ɡʲ i 
	b l ɔ gʲ i
blogi 
	b l ɔ ɡʲ i 
	b l ɔ gʲ i
blogi 
	b l ɔ ɡʲ i 
	b l ɔ gʲ i
blogu 
	b l ɔ ɡ u 
	b l ɔ g u
blogu 
	b l ɔ ɡ u 
	b l ɔ g u
blogu 
	b l ɔ ɡ u 
	b l ɔ g u
bloger 
	b l ɔ ɡ ɛ r 
	b l ɔ g ɛ r
błonę 
	b w ɔ n ɛ 
	b w ɔ n ɛ~
błonie 
	b w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	b w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
błonie 
	b w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	b w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
błoniach 
	b w ɔ ɲ a x 
	b w ɔ ɲ i a x
błoniami 
	b w ɔ ɲ a mʲ i 
	b w ɔ ɲ i a mʲ i
błonia 
	b w ɔ ɲ a 
	b w ɔ ɲ i a
błonia 
	b w ɔ ɲ a 
	b w ɔ ɲ i a
błonia 
	b w ɔ ɲ a 
	b w ɔ ɲ i a
błonia 
	b w ɔ ɲ a 
	b w ɔ ɲ i a
błoniem 
	b w ɔ ɲ ɛ m 
	b w ɔ ɲ i ɛ m
błonie 
	b w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	b w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
błonie 
	b w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	b w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
błonie 
	b w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	b w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
błoniom 
	b w ɔ ɲ ɔ m 
	b w ɔ ɲ i ɔ m
błoniu 
	b w ɔ ɲ u 
	b w ɔ ɲ i u
błoniu 
	b w ɔ ɲ u 
	b w ɔ ɲ i u
błotniak 
	b w ɔ t ɲ a k 
	b w ɔ d ɲ i a k
błotnik 
	b w ɔ t ɲ i k 
	b w ɔ d ɲ i k
błotnik 
	b w ɔ t ɲ i k 
	b w ɔ d ɲ i k
błocie 
	b w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
bobrach 
	b ɔ b r a x 
	b ɔ p r a x
bobrami 
	b ɔ b r a mʲ i 
	b ɔ p r a mʲ i
bobra 
	b ɔ b r a 
	b ɔ p r a
bobra 
	b ɔ b r a 
	b ɔ p r a
bobrem 
	b ɔ b r ɛ m 
	b ɔ p r ɛ m
bobrom 
	b ɔ b r ɔ m 
	b ɔ p r ɔ m
bobrowi 
	b ɔ b r ɔ vʲ i 
	b ɔ p r ɔ vʲ i
bobrów 
	b ɔ b r u f 
	b ɔ p r u v
bobry 
	b ɔ b r ɨ 
	b ɔ p r ɨ
bobry 
	b ɔ b r ɨ 
	b ɔ p r ɨ
bobry 
	b ɔ b r ɨ 
	b ɔ p r ɨ
bobsleje 
	b ɔ p s l ɛ j ɛ 
	b ɔ p z l ɛ j ɛ
bobsleje 
	b ɔ p s l ɛ j ɛ 
	b ɔ p z l ɛ j ɛ
bobsleje 
	b ɔ p s l ɛ j ɛ 
	b ɔ p z l ɛ j ɛ
bobslej 
	b ɔ p s l ɛ j 
	b ɔ p z l ɛ j
bobslej 
	b ɔ p s l ɛ j 
	b ɔ p z l ɛ j
bocianie 
	b ɔ t͡ɕ a ɲ ɛ 
	b ɔ t͡sʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
bocianie 
	b ɔ t͡ɕ a ɲ ɛ 
	b ɔ t͡sʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
bocian 
	b ɔ t͡ɕ a n 
	b ɔ t͡sʲ i a n
bodzie 
	b ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	b ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
bodziec 
	b ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s 
	b ɔ d ʑ i ɛ t͡s
bodziec 
	b ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s 
	b ɔ d ʑ i ɛ t͡s
bogactwo 
	b ɔ ɡ a t͡s t f ɔ 
	b ɔ g a t͡s d v ɔ
bogactwo 
	b ɔ ɡ a t͡s t f ɔ 
	b ɔ g a t͡s d v ɔ
bogactwo 
	b ɔ ɡ a t͡s t f ɔ 
	b ɔ g a t͡s d v ɔ
bogacz 
	b ɔ ɡ a t͡ʂ 
	b ɔ g a t͡ʂ
bogini 
	b ɔ ɡʲ i ɲ i 
	b ɔ gʲ i ɲ i
bogini 
	b ɔ ɡʲ i ɲ i 
	b ɔ gʲ i ɲ i
bogini 
	b ɔ ɡʲ i ɲ i 
	b ɔ gʲ i ɲ i
bogini 
	b ɔ ɡʲ i ɲ i 
	b ɔ gʲ i ɲ i
bogini 
	b ɔ ɡʲ i ɲ i 
	b ɔ gʲ i ɲ i
bogiń 
	b ɔ ɡʲ i ɲ 
	b ɔ gʲ i ɲ
boję 
	b ɔ j ɛ 
	b ɔ j ɛ~
bojów 
	b ɔ j u f 
	b ɔ j u v
bójkę 
	b u j k ɛ 
	b u j k ɛ~
bokiem 
	b ɔ kʲ ɛ m 
	b ɔ kʲ i ɛ m
bokobrody 
	b ɔ k ɔ b r ɔ d ɨ 
	b ɔ k ɔ p r ɔ d ɨ
bokobrody 
	b ɔ k ɔ b r ɔ d ɨ 
	b ɔ k ɔ p r ɔ d ɨ
bokobrody 
	b ɔ k ɔ b r ɔ d ɨ 
	b ɔ k ɔ p r ɔ d ɨ
bólów 
	b u l u f 
	b u l u v
bombę 
	b ɔ m b ɛ 
	b ɔ m b ɛ~
borów 
	b ɔ r u f 
	b ɔ r u v
borówka 
	b ɔ r u f k a 
	b ɔ r u v k a
boskość 
	b ɔ s k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	b ɔ s k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
boskość 
	b ɔ s k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	b ɔ s k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
bosman 
	b ɔ s m a n 
	b ɔ z m a n
bóstwo 
	b u s t f ɔ 
	b u s d v ɔ
bóstwo 
	b u s t f ɔ 
	b u s d v ɔ
bóstwo 
	b u s t f ɔ 
	b u s d v ɔ
bramą 
	b r a m ɔ̃ 
	p r a m ɔ̃
brama 
	b r a m a 
	p r a m a
bramę 
	b r a m ɛ 
	p r a m ɛ~
bramie 
	b r a mʲ ɛ 
	p r a mʲ i ɛ
bramie 
	b r a mʲ ɛ 
	p r a mʲ i ɛ
bram 
	b r a m 
	p r a m
bramo 
	b r a m ɔ 
	p r a m ɔ
bramy 
	b r a m ɨ 
	p r a m ɨ
bramy 
	b r a m ɨ 
	p r a m ɨ
bramy 
	b r a m ɨ 
	p r a m ɨ
bramy 
	b r a m ɨ 
	p r a m ɨ
bramce 
	b r a m t͡s ɛ 
	p r a m t͡s ɛ
bramce 
	b r a m t͡s ɛ 
	p r a m t͡s ɛ
bramek 
	b r a m ɛ k 
	p r a m ɛ k
bramką 
	b r a m k ɔ̃ 
	p r a m k ɔ̃
bramka 
	b r a m k a 
	p r a m k a
bramkę 
	b r a m k ɛ 
	p r a m k ɛ~
bramki 
	b r a m kʲ i 
	p r a m kʲ i
bramki 
	b r a m kʲ i 
	p r a m kʲ i
bramki 
	b r a m kʲ i 
	p r a m kʲ i
bramki 
	b r a m kʲ i 
	p r a m kʲ i
bramko 
	b r a m k ɔ 
	p r a m k ɔ
bramkarz 
	b r a m k a ʂ 
	p r a m k a ʂ
bransoleta 
	b r a n z ɔ l ɛ t a 
	p r a n s ɔ l ɛ t a
bransoletka 
	b r a n z ɔ l ɛ t k a 
	p r a n s ɔ l ɛ t k a
branża 
	b r a n ʐ a 
	p r a n ʐ a
bratanek 
	b r a t a n ɛ k 
	p r a t a n ɛ k
bratanica 
	b r a t a ɲ i t͡s a 
	p r a t a ɲ i t͡s a
braciach 
	b r a t͡ɕ a x 
	p r a t͡sʲ i a x
bracia 
	b r a t͡ɕ a 
	p r a t͡sʲ i a
bracia 
	b r a t͡ɕ a 
	p r a t͡sʲ i a
bracie 
	b r a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r a t͡sʲ i ɛ
bracie 
	b r a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r a t͡sʲ i ɛ
braci 
	b r a t͡ɕ i 
	p r a t͡sʲ i
braci 
	b r a t͡ɕ i 
	p r a t͡sʲ i
braciom 
	b r a t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	p r a t͡sʲ i ɔ m
braćmi 
	b r a t͡ɕ mʲ i 
	p r a t͡ʂ mʲ i
brata 
	b r a t a 
	p r a t a
brata 
	b r a t a 
	p r a t a
bratem 
	b r a t ɛ m 
	p r a t ɛ m
brat 
	b r a t 
	p r a t
bratu 
	b r a t u 
	p r a t u
bratek 
	b r a t ɛ k 
	p r a t ɛ k
bratowa 
	b r a t ɔ v a 
	p r a t ɔ v a
brawura 
	b r a v u r a 
	p r a v u r a
brązówka 
	b r ɔ̃ z u f k a 
	p r ɔ̃ z u v k a
brew 
	b r ɛ f 
	p r ɛ v
brew 
	b r ɛ f 
	p r ɛ v
brwiach 
	b r vʲ a x 
	p r vʲ i a x
brwiami 
	b r vʲ a mʲ i 
	p r vʲ i a mʲ i
brwią 
	b r vʲ ɔ̃ 
	p r vʲ i ɔ̃
brwi 
	b r vʲ i 
	p r vʲ i
brwi 
	b r vʲ i 
	p r vʲ i
brwi 
	b r vʲ i 
	p r vʲ i
brwi 
	b r vʲ i 
	p r vʲ i
brwi 
	b r vʲ i 
	p r vʲ i
brwi 
	b r vʲ i 
	p r vʲ i
brwi 
	b r vʲ i 
	p r vʲ i
brwi 
	b r vʲ i 
	p r vʲ i
brwiom 
	b r vʲ ɔ m 
	p r vʲ i ɔ m
brewiarz 
	b r ɛ vʲ a ʂ 
	p r ɛ vʲ i a ʂ
brewiarz 
	b r ɛ vʲ a ʂ 
	p r ɛ vʲ i a ʂ
brezent 
	b r ɛ z ɛ n t 
	p r ɛ z ɛ n t
brezent 
	b r ɛ z ɛ n t 
	p r ɛ z ɛ n t
brodach 
	b r ɔ d a x 
	p r ɔ d a x
brodami 
	b r ɔ d a mʲ i 
	p r ɔ d a mʲ i
brodą 
	b r ɔ d ɔ̃ 
	p r ɔ d ɔ̃
broda 
	b r ɔ d a 
	p r ɔ d a
brodę 
	b r ɔ d ɛ 
	p r ɔ d ɛ~
bród 
	b r u t 
	p r u t
brodom 
	b r ɔ d ɔ m 
	p r ɔ d ɔ m
brodo 
	b r ɔ d ɔ 
	p r ɔ d ɔ
brody 
	b r ɔ d ɨ 
	p r ɔ d ɨ
brody 
	b r ɔ d ɨ 
	p r ɔ d ɨ
brody 
	b r ɔ d ɨ 
	p r ɔ d ɨ
brody 
	b r ɔ d ɨ 
	p r ɔ d ɨ
brodzie 
	b r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
brodzie 
	b r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
brodacz 
	b r ɔ d a t͡ʂ 
	p r ɔ d a t͡ʂ
brodawnik 
	b r ɔ d a v ɲ i k 
	p r ɔ d a v ɲ i k
brodawnik 
	b r ɔ d a v ɲ i k 
	p r ɔ d a v ɲ i k
brodach 
	b r ɔ d a x 
	p r ɔ d a x
brodami 
	b r ɔ d a mʲ i 
	p r ɔ d a mʲ i
brodem 
	b r ɔ d ɛ m 
	p r ɔ d ɛ m
bród 
	b r u t 
	p r u t
bród 
	b r u t 
	p r u t
brodom 
	b r ɔ d ɔ m 
	p r ɔ d ɔ m
brodowi 
	b r ɔ d ɔ vʲ i 
	p r ɔ d ɔ vʲ i
brodów 
	b r ɔ d u f 
	p r ɔ d u v
brodu 
	b r ɔ d u 
	p r ɔ d u
brody 
	b r ɔ d ɨ 
	p r ɔ d ɨ
brody 
	b r ɔ d ɨ 
	p r ɔ d ɨ
brody 
	b r ɔ d ɨ 
	p r ɔ d ɨ
brodzie 
	b r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
brodzie 
	b r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
brojler 
	b r ɔ j l ɛ r 
	p r ɔ j l ɛ r
brokuł 
	b r ɔ k u w 
	p r ɔ k u w
brokuł 
	b r ɔ k u w 
	p r ɔ k u w
brom 
	b r ɔ m 
	p r ɔ m
brom 
	b r ɔ m 
	p r ɔ m
bromoform 
	b r ɔ m ɔ f ɔ r m 
	p r ɔ m ɔ f ɔ r m
bromoform 
	b r ɔ m ɔ f ɔ r m 
	p r ɔ m ɔ f ɔ r m
bronach 
	b r ɔ n a x 
	p r ɔ n a x
bronami 
	b r ɔ n a mʲ i 
	p r ɔ n a mʲ i
broną 
	b r ɔ n ɔ̃ 
	p r ɔ n ɔ̃
brona 
	b r ɔ n a 
	p r ɔ n a
bronę 
	b r ɔ n ɛ 
	p r ɔ n ɛ~
bronie 
	b r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
bronie 
	b r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
bron 
	b r ɔ n 
	p r ɔ n
bronom 
	b r ɔ n ɔ m 
	p r ɔ n ɔ m
brono 
	b r ɔ n ɔ 
	p r ɔ n ɔ
brony 
	b r ɔ n ɨ 
	p r ɔ n ɨ
brony 
	b r ɔ n ɨ 
	p r ɔ n ɨ
brony 
	b r ɔ n ɨ 
	p r ɔ n ɨ
brony 
	b r ɔ n ɨ 
	p r ɔ n ɨ
broniach 
	b r ɔ ɲ a x 
	p r ɔ ɲ i a x
broniami 
	b r ɔ ɲ a mʲ i 
	p r ɔ ɲ i a mʲ i
bronią 
	b r ɔ ɲ ɔ̃ 
	p r ɔ ɲ i ɔ̃
bronie 
	b r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
bronie 
	b r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
bronie 
	b r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
broni 
	b r ɔ ɲ i 
	p r ɔ ɲ i
broni 
	b r ɔ ɲ i 
	p r ɔ ɲ i
broni 
	b r ɔ ɲ i 
	p r ɔ ɲ i
broni 
	b r ɔ ɲ i 
	p r ɔ ɲ i
broni 
	b r ɔ ɲ i 
	p r ɔ ɲ i
broniom 
	b r ɔ ɲ ɔ m 
	p r ɔ ɲ i ɔ m
broń 
	b r ɔ ɲ 
	p r ɔ ɲ
broń 
	b r ɔ ɲ 
	p r ɔ ɲ
brosma 
	b r ɔ s m a 
	p r ɔ z m a
brosza 
	b r ɔ ʂ a 
	p r ɔ ʂ a
broszka 
	b r ɔ ʂ k a 
	p r ɔ ʂ k a
broszura 
	b r ɔ ʂ u r a 
	p r ɔ ʂ u r a
browiec 
	b r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
brudas 
	b r u d a s 
	p r u d a s
brud 
	b r u t 
	p r u t
brud 
	b r u t 
	p r u t
bruk 
	b r u k 
	p r u k
bruk 
	b r u k 
	p r u k
bruku 
	b r u k u 
	p r u k u
bruku 
	b r u k u 
	p r u k u
bruku 
	b r u k u 
	p r u k u
brukiew 
	b r u kʲ ɛ f 
	p r u kʲ i ɛ v
brukiew 
	b r u kʲ ɛ f 
	p r u kʲ i ɛ v
brukowiec 
	b r u k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p r u k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
brukowiec 
	b r u k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p r u k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
brukselka 
	b r u k s ɛ l k a 
	p r u k s ɛ l k a
brusach 
	b r u s a x 
	p r u s a x
brusami 
	b r u s a mʲ i 
	p r u s a mʲ i
brusa 
	b r u s a 
	p r u s a
brusem 
	b r u s ɛ m 
	p r u s ɛ m
brusie 
	b r u ɕ ɛ 
	p r u ɕ i ɛ
brusie 
	b r u ɕ ɛ 
	p r u ɕ i ɛ
brus 
	b r u s 
	p r u s
brus 
	b r u s 
	p r u s
brusom 
	b r u s ɔ m 
	p r u s ɔ m
brusowi 
	b r u s ɔ vʲ i 
	p r u s ɔ vʲ i
brusów 
	b r u s u f 
	p r u s u v
brusy 
	b r u s ɨ 
	p r u s ɨ
brusy 
	b r u s ɨ 
	p r u s ɨ
brusy 
	b r u s ɨ 
	p r u s ɨ
bruzda 
	b r u z d a 
	p r u z d a
bryg 
	b r ɨ k 
	p r ɨ k
bryg 
	b r ɨ k 
	p r ɨ k
brykiet 
	b r ɨ kʲ ɛ t 
	p r ɨ kʲ i ɛ t
brykiet 
	b r ɨ kʲ ɛ t 
	p r ɨ kʲ i ɛ t
bryła 
	b r ɨ w a 
	p r ɨ w a
brylant 
	b r ɨ l a n t 
	p r ɨ l a n t
brylant 
	b r ɨ l a n t 
	p r ɨ l a n t
bryza 
	b r ɨ z a 
	p r ɨ z a
brzegi 
	b ʐ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	b ʐ ɛ gʲ i
brzegi 
	b ʐ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	b ʐ ɛ gʲ i
brzegi 
	b ʐ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	b ʐ ɛ gʲ i
brzemię 
	b ʐ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	b ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
brzemię 
	b ʐ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	b ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
brzemię 
	b ʐ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	b ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
brzoskwinia 
	b ʐ ɔ s k fʲ i ɲ a 
	b ʐ ɔ s g vʲ i ɲ i a
brzoskwinką 
	b ʐ ɔ s k fʲ i n k ɔ̃ 
	b ʐ ɔ s g vʲ i n k ɔ̃
brzoskwinka 
	b ʐ ɔ s k fʲ i n k a 
	b ʐ ɔ s g vʲ i n k a
brzytwa 
	b ʐ ɨ t f a 
	b ʐ ɨ d v a
budownictwo 
	b u d ɔ v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	b u d ɔ v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
budownictwo 
	b u d ɔ v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	b u d ɔ v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
budownictwo 
	b u d ɔ v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	b u d ɔ v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
budżet 
	b u d͡ʐ ʐ ɛ t 
	b u d ʐ ɛ t
budżet 
	b u d͡ʐ ʐ ɛ t 
	b u d ʐ ɛ t
budżetówka 
	b u d͡ʐ ʐ ɛ t u f k a 
	b u d ʐ ɛ t u v k a
budzik 
	b u d͡ʑ i k 
	b u d ʑ i k
budzik 
	b u d͡ʑ i k 
	b u d ʑ i k
budziszynianin 
	b u d͡ʑ i ʂ ɨ ɲ a ɲ i n 
	b u d ʑ i ʂ ɨ ɲ i a ɲ i n
budziszynianka 
	b u d͡ʑ i ʂ ɨ ɲ a n k a 
	b u d ʑ i ʂ ɨ ɲ i a n k a
bukiet 
	b u kʲ ɛ t 
	b u kʲ i ɛ t
bukiet 
	b u kʲ ɛ t 
	b u kʲ i ɛ t
bulwka 
	b u l f k a 
	b u l v k a
burzę 
	b u ʐ ɛ 
	b u ʐ ɛ~
bucie 
	b u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b u t͡sʲ i ɛ
bucie 
	b u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b u t͡sʲ i ɛ
butów 
	b u t u f 
	b u t u v
butelkę 
	b u t ɛ l k ɛ 
	b u t ɛ l k ɛ~
butik 
	b u t i k 
	b u tʲ i k
butik 
	b u t i k 
	b u tʲ i k
buziach 
	b u ʑ a x 
	b u ʑ i a x
buziami 
	b u ʑ a mʲ i 
	b u ʑ i a mʲ i
buzią 
	b u ʑ ɔ̃ 
	b u ʑ i ɔ̃
buzia 
	b u ʑ a 
	b u ʑ i a
buzię 
	b u ʑ ɛ 
	b u ʑ i ɛ~
buzie 
	b u ʑ ɛ 
	b u ʑ i ɛ
buzie 
	b u ʑ ɛ 
	b u ʑ i ɛ
buziom 
	b u ʑ ɔ m 
	b u ʑ i ɔ m
buziak 
	b u ʑ a k 
	b u ʑ i a k
bycie 
	b ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
bycie 
	b ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
bytów 
	b ɨ t u f 
	b ɨ t u v
całkowanie 
	t͡s a w k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t͡s a w k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
całkowanie 
	t͡s a w k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t͡s a w k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
całkowanie 
	t͡s a w k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t͡s a w k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
całopalenie 
	t͡s a w ɔ p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡s a w ɔ p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
całopalenie 
	t͡s a w ɔ p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡s a w ɔ p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
całopalenie 
	t͡s a w ɔ p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡s a w ɔ p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
carowie 
	t͡s a r ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	t͡s a r ɔ vʲ i ɛ
carowie 
	t͡s a r ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	t͡s a r ɔ vʲ i ɛ
carów 
	t͡s a r u f 
	t͡s a r u v
carów 
	t͡s a r u f 
	t͡s a r u v
casting 
	k a s t i n k 
	t͡s a s tʲ i n k
casting 
	k a s t i n k 
	t͡s a s tʲ i n k
catering 
	k a t ɛ rʲ i n k 
	t͡s a t ɛ rʲ i n k
catering 
	k a t ɛ rʲ i n k 
	t͡s a t ɛ rʲ i n k
cebrach 
	t͡s ɛ b r a x 
	t͡s ɛ p r a x
cebrami 
	t͡s ɛ b r a mʲ i 
	t͡s ɛ p r a mʲ i
cebra 
	t͡s ɛ b r a 
	t͡s ɛ p r a
cebrem 
	t͡s ɛ b r ɛ m 
	t͡s ɛ p r ɛ m
cebrom 
	t͡s ɛ b r ɔ m 
	t͡s ɛ p r ɔ m
cebrowi 
	t͡s ɛ b r ɔ vʲ i 
	t͡s ɛ p r ɔ vʲ i
cebrów 
	t͡s ɛ b r u f 
	t͡s ɛ p r u v
cebry 
	t͡s ɛ b r ɨ 
	t͡s ɛ p r ɨ
cebry 
	t͡s ɛ b r ɨ 
	t͡s ɛ p r ɨ
cebry 
	t͡s ɛ b r ɨ 
	t͡s ɛ p r ɨ
cebulę 
	t͡s ɛ b u l ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ b u l ɛ~
cebulkę 
	t͡s ɛ b u l k ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ b u l k ɛ~
cechę 
	t͡s ɛ x ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ x ɛ~
cechów 
	t͡s ɛ x u f 
	t͡s ɛ x u v
cedr 
	t͡s ɛ d r 
	t͡s ɛ t r
cedr 
	t͡s ɛ d r 
	t͡s ɛ t r
cedzak 
	t͡s ɛ d͡z a k 
	t͡s ɛ d z a k
cedzak 
	t͡s ɛ d͡z a k 
	t͡s ɛ d z a k
cedzidło 
	t͡s ɛ d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	t͡s ɛ d ʑ i d w ɔ
cedzidło 
	t͡s ɛ d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	t͡s ɛ d ʑ i d w ɔ
cedzidło 
	t͡s ɛ d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	t͡s ɛ d ʑ i d w ɔ
cegiełka 
	t͡s ɛ ɡʲ ɛ w k a 
	t͡s ɛ gʲ i ɛ w k a
cegła 
	t͡s ɛ ɡ w a 
	t͡s ɛ g w a
cegłówka 
	t͡s ɛ ɡ w u f k a 
	t͡s ɛ g w u v k a
celę 
	t͡s ɛ l ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ l ɛ~
cenę 
	t͡s ɛ n ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ n ɛ~
cenie 
	t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
cenie 
	t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
cennik 
	t͡s ɛ ɲ ɲ i k 
	t͡s ɛ n ɲ i k
cennik 
	t͡s ɛ ɲ ɲ i k 
	t͡s ɛ n ɲ i k
centów 
	t͡s ɛ n t u f 
	t͡s ɛ n t u v
cepie 
	t͡s ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ pʲ i ɛ
cepie 
	t͡s ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ pʲ i ɛ
cepów 
	t͡s ɛ p u f 
	t͡s ɛ p u v
ceremonia 
	t͡s ɛ r ɛ m ɔ ɲ a 
	t͡s ɛ r ɛ m ɔ ɲ i a
cerkiew 
	t͡s ɛ r kʲ ɛ f 
	t͡s ɛ r kʲ i ɛ v
cerkiew 
	t͡s ɛ r kʲ ɛ f 
	t͡s ɛ r kʲ i ɛ v
cesarstwo 
	t͡s ɛ s a r s t f ɔ 
	t͡s ɛ s a r s d v ɔ
cesarstwo 
	t͡s ɛ s a r s t f ɔ 
	t͡s ɛ s a r s d v ɔ
cesarstwo 
	t͡s ɛ s a r s t f ɔ 
	t͡s ɛ s a r s d v ɔ
cętka 
	t͡s ɛ n t k a 
	t͡s ɛ~t k a
cewę 
	t͡s ɛ v ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ v ɛ~
cewie 
	t͡s ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ vʲ i ɛ
cewie 
	t͡s ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ vʲ i ɛ
cew 
	t͡s ɛ f 
	t͡s ɛ v
cewce 
	t͡s ɛ f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ v t͡s ɛ
cewce 
	t͡s ɛ f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡s ɛ v t͡s ɛ
cewka 
	t͡s ɛ f k a 
	t͡s ɛ v k a
cewki 
	t͡s ɛ f kʲ i 
	t͡s ɛ v kʲ i
cewki 
	t͡s ɛ f kʲ i 
	t͡s ɛ v kʲ i
cewki 
	t͡s ɛ f kʲ i 
	t͡s ɛ v kʲ i
cewki 
	t͡s ɛ f kʲ i 
	t͡s ɛ v kʲ i
charcie 
	x a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	x a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
charcie 
	x a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	x a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
chartów 
	x a r t u f 
	x a r t u v
chacie 
	x a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	x a t͡sʲ i ɛ
chacie 
	x a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	x a t͡sʲ i ɛ
chatę 
	x a t ɛ 
	x a t ɛ~
chatkę 
	x a t k ɛ 
	x a t k ɛ~
chaus 
	x a w s 
	x a u s
chciwość 
	x t͡ɕ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	x t͡sʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
chciwość 
	x t͡ɕ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	x t͡sʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
cheeseburger 
	t͡ʂ i s b u r ɡ ɛ r 
	x ɛ ɛ s ɛ b u r g ɛ r
chips 
	t͡ʂ i p s 
	xʲ i p s
chlew 
	x l ɛ f 
	x l ɛ v
chlew 
	x l ɛ f 
	x l ɛ v
chłodów 
	x w ɔ d u f 
	x w ɔ d u v
chłopakiem 
	x w ɔ p a kʲ ɛ m 
	x w ɔ p a kʲ i ɛ m
chłopaków 
	x w ɔ p a k u f 
	x w ɔ p a k u v
chłopaków 
	x w ɔ p a k u f 
	x w ɔ p a k u v
chłopie 
	x w ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	x w ɔ pʲ i ɛ
chłopie 
	x w ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	x w ɔ pʲ i ɛ
chłopców 
	x w ɔ p t͡s u f 
	x w ɔ p t͡s u v
chłopców 
	x w ɔ p t͡s u f 
	x w ɔ p t͡s u v
chłopiec 
	x w ɔ pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	x w ɔ pʲ i ɛ t͡s
chmurę 
	x m u r ɛ 
	x m u r ɛ~
chodów 
	x ɔ d u f 
	x ɔ d u v
chodzie 
	x ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	x ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
chodzie 
	x ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	x ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
chomąto 
	x ɔ m ɔ n t ɔ 
	x ɔ m ɔ̃ t ɔ
chomąto 
	x ɔ m ɔ n t ɔ 
	x ɔ m ɔ̃ t ɔ
chomąto 
	x ɔ m ɔ n t ɔ 
	x ɔ m ɔ̃ t ɔ
chorągiew 
	x ɔ r ɔ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ f 
	x ɔ r ɔ̃ gʲ i ɛ v
chorągiew 
	x ɔ r ɔ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ f 
	x ɔ r ɔ̃ gʲ i ɛ v
chórów 
	x u r u f 
	x u r u v
chorobę 
	x ɔ r ɔ b ɛ 
	x ɔ r ɔ b ɛ~
chorobie 
	x ɔ r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	x ɔ r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
chorobie 
	x ɔ r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	x ɔ r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
chronologia 
	x r ɔ n ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	x r ɔ n ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
chruścik 
	x r u ɕ t͡ɕ i k 
	x r u ɕ t͡sʲ i k
chrystadelfianin 
	x r ɨ s t a d ɛ l fʲ a ɲ i n 
	x r ɨ s t a d ɛ l fʲ i a ɲ i n
chrzcielnica 
	x ʂ t͡ɕ ɛ l ɲ i t͡s a 
	x ʂ t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɲ i t͡s a
chrześcijanin 
	x ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i j a ɲ i n 
	x ʐ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i j a ɲ i n
chrześcijan 
	x ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i j a n 
	x ʐ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i j a n
chrześcijan 
	x ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i j a n 
	x ʐ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i j a n
chrześniak 
	x ʂ ɛ ɕ ɲ a k 
	x ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i a k
chrzcie 
	x ʂ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	x ʂ t͡sʲ i ɛ
chrzcie 
	x ʂ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	x ʂ t͡sʲ i ɛ
chrzest 
	x ʂ ɛ s t 
	x ʐ ɛ s t
chrzęst 
	x ʂ ɛ̃ s t 
	x ʐ ɛ~s t
chrzest 
	x ʂ ɛ s t 
	x ʐ ɛ s t
chrzęst 
	x ʂ ɛ̃ s t 
	x ʐ ɛ~s t
chrztów 
	x ʂ t u f 
	x ʂ t u v
chujnia 
	x u j ɲ a 
	x u j ɲ i a
chuście 
	x u ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	x u ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
chuście 
	x u ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	x u ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
chustę 
	x u s t ɛ 
	x u s t ɛ~
chwast 
	x f a s t 
	x v a s t
chwast 
	x f a s t 
	x v a s t
chwilą 
	x fʲ i l ɔ̃ 
	x vʲ i l ɔ̃
chwila 
	x fʲ i l a 
	x vʲ i l a
chwile 
	x fʲ i l ɛ 
	x vʲ i l ɛ
chwilę 
	x fʲ i l ɛ 
	x vʲ i l ɛ~
chwile 
	x fʲ i l ɛ 
	x vʲ i l ɛ
chwile 
	x fʲ i l ɛ 
	x vʲ i l ɛ
chwili 
	x fʲ i lʲ i 
	x vʲ i lʲ i
chwili 
	x fʲ i lʲ i 
	x vʲ i lʲ i
chwili 
	x fʲ i lʲ i 
	x vʲ i lʲ i
chwil 
	x fʲ i l 
	x vʲ i l
chwileczka 
	x fʲ i l ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	x vʲ i l ɛ t͡ʂ k a
chwileczkę 
	x fʲ i l ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	x vʲ i l ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ~
chwilka 
	x fʲ i l k a 
	x vʲ i l k a
chwilówka 
	x fʲ i l u f k a 
	x vʲ i l u v k a
chwyt 
	x f ɨ t 
	x v ɨ t
chwyt 
	x f ɨ t 
	x v ɨ t
chytrość 
	x ɨ t r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	x ɨ t r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
chytrość 
	x ɨ t r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	x ɨ t r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ciachach 
	t͡ɕ a x a x 
	t͡sʲ i a x a x
ciachami 
	t͡ɕ a x a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i a x a mʲ i
ciacha 
	t͡ɕ a x a 
	t͡sʲ i a x a
ciacha 
	t͡ɕ a x a 
	t͡sʲ i a x a
ciacha 
	t͡ɕ a x a 
	t͡sʲ i a x a
ciacha 
	t͡ɕ a x a 
	t͡sʲ i a x a
ciachem 
	t͡ɕ a x ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i a x ɛ m
ciach 
	t͡ɕ a x 
	t͡sʲ i a x
ciachom 
	t͡ɕ a x ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i a x ɔ m
ciacho 
	t͡ɕ a x ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a x ɔ
ciacho 
	t͡ɕ a x ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a x ɔ
ciacho 
	t͡ɕ a x ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a x ɔ
ciachu 
	t͡ɕ a x u 
	t͡sʲ i a x u
ciachu 
	t͡ɕ a x u 
	t͡sʲ i a x u
ciąg 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
ciąg 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
ciągu 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g u
ciągu 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g u
ciągu 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g u
ciągłość 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ciągłość 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ciągnik 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ ɲ i k 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g ɲ i k
ciągnik 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ ɲ i k 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g ɲ i k
ciałko 
	t͡ɕ a w k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a w k ɔ
ciałko 
	t͡ɕ a w k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a w k ɔ
ciałko 
	t͡ɕ a w k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a w k ɔ
ciałach 
	t͡ɕ a w a x 
	t͡sʲ i a w a x
ciałami 
	t͡ɕ a w a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i a w a mʲ i
ciała 
	t͡ɕ a w a 
	t͡sʲ i a w a
ciała 
	t͡ɕ a w a 
	t͡sʲ i a w a
ciała 
	t͡ɕ a w a 
	t͡sʲ i a w a
ciała 
	t͡ɕ a w a 
	t͡sʲ i a w a
ciałem 
	t͡ɕ a w ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i a w ɛ m
ciał 
	t͡ɕ a w 
	t͡sʲ i a w
ciałom 
	t͡ɕ a w ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i a w ɔ m
ciało 
	t͡ɕ a w ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a w ɔ
ciało 
	t͡ɕ a w ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a w ɔ
ciało 
	t͡ɕ a w ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a w ɔ
ciału 
	t͡ɕ a w u 
	t͡sʲ i a w u
ciele 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ
ciapaty 
	t͡ɕ a p a t ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i a p a t ɨ
ciapaty 
	t͡ɕ a p a t ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i a p a t ɨ
ciasteczka 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k a
ciasteczka 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k a
ciasteczka 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k a
ciasteczka 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k a
ciasteczko 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ
ciasteczko 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ
ciasteczko 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ
ciastek 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ k 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ k
ciastka 
	t͡ɕ a s t k a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k a
ciastka 
	t͡ɕ a s t k a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k a
ciastka 
	t͡ɕ a s t k a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k a
ciastka 
	t͡ɕ a s t k a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k a
ciastko 
	t͡ɕ a s t k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k ɔ
ciastko 
	t͡ɕ a s t k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k ɔ
ciastko 
	t͡ɕ a s t k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k ɔ
ciastku 
	t͡ɕ a s t k u 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k u
ciastku 
	t͡ɕ a s t k u 
	t͡sʲ i a s t k u
ciastach 
	t͡ɕ a s t a x 
	t͡sʲ i a s t a x
ciastami 
	t͡ɕ a s t a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i a s t a mʲ i
ciasta 
	t͡ɕ a s t a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t a
ciasta 
	t͡ɕ a s t a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t a
ciasta 
	t͡ɕ a s t a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t a
ciasta 
	t͡ɕ a s t a 
	t͡sʲ i a s t a
ciastem 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɛ m
ciast 
	t͡ɕ a s t 
	t͡sʲ i a s t
ciastom 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɔ m
ciasto 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɔ
ciasto 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɔ
ciasto 
	t͡ɕ a s t ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i a s t ɔ
ciastu 
	t͡ɕ a s t u 
	t͡sʲ i a s t u
cieście 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
ciążach 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ a x
ciążami 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ a mʲ i
ciążą 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ̃
ciąża 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ a
ciąże 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ
ciążę 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ~
ciąże 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ
ciąże 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ
ciąż 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʂ
ciążom 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ m
ciążo 
	t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ
cieciami 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
ciecia 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i a
ciecia 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i a
cieciem 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ m
cieciom 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
cieciowi 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ vʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ vʲ i
cieciu 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i u
cieciu 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i u
cieć 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
cieczą 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ̃
ciecze 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ
ciecze 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ
ciecze 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ
ciecz 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
ciecz 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
cieczy 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ
cieczy 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ
cieczy 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ
cieczy 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ
cieczy 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ
cieląt 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɔ n t 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɔ̃ t
cielęcia 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
cielęciem 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ m
cielęciu 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
cielęciu 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
cielę 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~
cielę 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~
cielę 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~
cielętach 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ n t a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t a x
cielętami 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t a mʲ i
cielęta 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ n t a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t a
cielęta 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ n t a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t a
cielęta 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ n t a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t a
cielętom 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ n t ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ~t ɔ m
cielsko 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l s k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l s k ɔ
cielsko 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l s k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l s k ɔ
cielsko 
	t͡ɕ ɛ l s k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ l s k ɔ
ciemię 
	t͡ɕ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
ciemię 
	t͡ɕ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
ciemię 
	t͡ɕ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
ciemiernik 
	t͡ɕ ɛ mʲ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ r ɲ i k
ciemiernik 
	t͡ɕ ɛ mʲ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ r ɲ i k
ciemności 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ciemności 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ciemności 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ciemności 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ciemności 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ciemności 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ciemności 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ciemności 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ciemność 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ciemność 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
cieniach 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i a x
cieniami 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i a mʲ i
cienia 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i a
cieniem 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
cienie 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
cienie 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
cienie 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
cieni 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i
cieniom 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ m
cieniowi 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
cieniu 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
cieniu 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
cień 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
cień 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
cieplik 
	t͡ɕ ɛ p lʲ i k 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ b lʲ i k
cieplik 
	t͡ɕ ɛ p lʲ i k 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ b lʲ i k
ciernia 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i a
ciernie 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i ɛ
ciernie 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i ɛ
ciernie 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i ɛ
cierni 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i
cierń 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ
cierń 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ
cierniówką 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ u f k ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i u v k ɔ̃
cierniówka 
	t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ u f k a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i u v k a
cieśla 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɕ l a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ʑ l a
cieśnina 
	t͡ɕ ɛ ɕ ɲ i n a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ ʑ ɲ i n a
cietrzewiach 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t ʂ ɛ vʲ a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ vʲ i a x
cietrzewiami 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t ʂ ɛ vʲ a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ vʲ i a mʲ i
cietrzewia 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t ʂ ɛ vʲ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ vʲ i a
cietrzewia 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t ʂ ɛ vʲ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ vʲ i a
cietrzewiem 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t ʂ ɛ vʲ ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ vʲ i ɛ m
cietrzewi 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t ʂ ɛ vʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ vʲ i
cietrzewiom 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t ʂ ɛ vʲ ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ vʲ i ɔ m
cietrzew 
	t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ ʂ ɛ f 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ v
ciężarach 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r a x
ciężarem 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r ɛ m
ciężar 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r
ciężar 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r
ciężarom 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r ɔ m
ciężary 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r ɨ
ciężary 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r ɨ
ciężary 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r ɨ
ciężarówce 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v t͡s ɛ
ciężarówce 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v t͡s ɛ
ciężarówkach 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f k a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v k a x
ciężarówką 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f k ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v k ɔ̃
ciężarówka 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f k a 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v k a
ciężarówki 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v kʲ i
ciężarówki 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v kʲ i
ciężarówki 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v kʲ i
ciężarówki 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v kʲ i
ciężarówkom 
	t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a r u f k ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a r u v k ɔ m
cinkciarz 
	t͡ɕ i n k t͡ɕ a ʂ 
	t͡sʲ i n k t͡sʲ i a ʂ
ciociach 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i a x
ciociami 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
ciocią 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
ciocia 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ a 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i a
ciocie 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
ciocię 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ~
ciocie 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
ciocie 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
cioci 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i
cioci 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i
cioci 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i
ciociu 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ u 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i u
cioć 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡ʂ
ciosach 
	t͡ɕ ɔ s a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ s a x
ciosem 
	t͡ɕ ɔ s ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ s ɛ m
ciosie 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ ɕ i ɛ
ciosie 
	t͡ɕ ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ ɕ i ɛ
cios 
	t͡ɕ ɔ s 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ s
cios 
	t͡ɕ ɔ s 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ s
ciosom 
	t͡ɕ ɔ s ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ s ɔ m
ciosowi 
	t͡ɕ ɔ s ɔ vʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ s ɔ vʲ i
ciosu 
	t͡ɕ ɔ s u 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ s u
ciocie 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
ciocie 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
ciotach 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t a x
ciotami 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t a mʲ i
ciotą 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t ɔ̃
ciota 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t a 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t a
ciotę 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t ɛ~
ciot 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t
cioto 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t ɔ
cioty 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t ɨ
cioty 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t ɨ
cioty 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t ɨ
cioty 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t ɨ
ciotek 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t ɛ k 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t ɛ k
ciotkach 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t k a x 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t k a x
ciotką 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t k ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t k ɔ̃
ciotki 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t kʲ i
ciotki 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t kʲ i
ciotki 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t kʲ i
ciotki 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t kʲ i
ciotkom 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t k ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t k ɔ m
ciotko 
	t͡ɕ ɔ t k ɔ 
	t͡sʲ i ɔ t k ɔ
cipach 
	t͡ɕ i p a x 
	t͡sʲ i p a x
cipą 
	t͡ɕ i p ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i p ɔ̃
cipa 
	t͡ɕ i p a 
	t͡sʲ i p a
cipę 
	t͡ɕ i p ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i p ɛ~
cipom 
	t͡ɕ i p ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i p ɔ m
cipy 
	t͡ɕ i p ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i p ɨ
cipy 
	t͡ɕ i p ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i p ɨ
cipy 
	t͡ɕ i p ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i p ɨ
cipy 
	t͡ɕ i p ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i p ɨ
cipeczka 
	t͡ɕ i p ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	t͡sʲ i p ɛ t͡ʂ k a
cipek 
	t͡ɕ i p ɛ k 
	t͡sʲ i p ɛ k
cipką 
	t͡ɕ i p k ɔ̃ 
	t͡sʲ i p k ɔ̃
cipka 
	t͡ɕ i p k a 
	t͡sʲ i p k a
cipki 
	t͡ɕ i p kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i p kʲ i
cipki 
	t͡ɕ i p kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i p kʲ i
cipki 
	t͡ɕ i p kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i p kʲ i
cipki 
	t͡ɕ i p kʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i p kʲ i
cisach 
	t͡ɕ i s a x 
	t͡sʲ i s a x
cisami 
	t͡ɕ i s a mʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i s a mʲ i
cisa 
	t͡ɕ i s a 
	t͡sʲ i s a
cisem 
	t͡ɕ i s ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i s ɛ m
cisie 
	t͡ɕ i ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɕ i ɛ
cisie 
	t͡ɕ i ɕ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ɕ i ɛ
cis 
	t͡ɕ i s 
	t͡sʲ i s
cis 
	t͡ɕ i s 
	t͡sʲ i s
cisom 
	t͡ɕ i s ɔ m 
	t͡sʲ i s ɔ m
cisowi 
	t͡ɕ i s ɔ vʲ i 
	t͡sʲ i s ɔ vʲ i
cisów 
	t͡ɕ i s u f 
	t͡sʲ i s u v
cisy 
	t͡ɕ i s ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i s ɨ
cisy 
	t͡ɕ i s ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i s ɨ
cisy 
	t͡ɕ i s ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i s ɨ
ciśnienie 
	t͡ɕ i ɕ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ciśnienie 
	t͡ɕ i ɕ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ciśnienie 
	t͡ɕ i ɕ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡sʲ i ʑ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ciuchcia 
	t͡ɕ u x t͡ɕ a 
	t͡sʲ i u x t͡sʲ i a
ciuch 
	t͡ɕ u x 
	t͡sʲ i u x
ciuch 
	t͡ɕ u x 
	t͡sʲ i u x
ciuchy 
	t͡ɕ u x ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i u x ɨ
ciuchy 
	t͡ɕ u x ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i u x ɨ
ciuchy 
	t͡ɕ u x ɨ 
	t͡sʲ i u x ɨ
ciufcia 
	t͡ɕ u f t͡ɕ a 
	t͡sʲ i u f t͡sʲ i a
ciżba 
	t͡ɕ i ʐ b a 
	t͡sʲ i ʐ b a
ciem 
	t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	t͡sʲ i ɛ m
ćmach 
	t͡ɕ m a x 
	t͡ʂ m a x
ćmami 
	t͡ɕ m a mʲ i 
	t͡ʂ m a mʲ i
ćmą 
	t͡ɕ m ɔ̃ 
	t͡ʂ m ɔ̃
ćma 
	t͡ɕ m a 
	t͡ʂ m a
ćmie 
	t͡ɕ mʲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ mʲ i ɛ
ćmie 
	t͡ɕ mʲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ mʲ i ɛ
ćmom 
	t͡ɕ m ɔ m 
	t͡ʂ m ɔ m
ćmy 
	t͡ɕ m ɨ 
	t͡ʂ m ɨ
ćmy 
	t͡ɕ m ɨ 
	t͡ʂ m ɨ
ćmy 
	t͡ɕ m ɨ 
	t͡ʂ m ɨ
ćmy 
	t͡ɕ m ɨ 
	t͡ʂ m ɨ
coleslaw 
	k ɔ l ɛ s w a f 
	t͡s ɔ l ɛ z l a v
colesław 
	k ɔ l ɛ s w a f 
	t͡s ɔ l ɛ s w a v
coleslaw 
	k ɔ l ɛ s w a f 
	t͡s ɔ l ɛ z l a v
colesław 
	k ɔ l ɛ s w a f 
	t͡s ɔ l ɛ s w a v
córkę 
	t͡s u r k ɛ 
	t͡s u r k ɛ~
cosinus 
	k ɔ s i n u s 
	t͡s ɔ ɕ i n u s
cosinus 
	k ɔ s i n u s 
	t͡s ɔ ɕ i n u s
cotangens 
	k ɔ t a n ɡ ɛ̃ s 
	t͡s ɔ t a n g ɛ n s
cotangens 
	k ɔ t a n ɡ ɛ̃ s 
	t͡s ɔ t a n g ɛ n s
cudów 
	t͡s u d u f 
	t͡s u d u v
cudzie 
	t͡s u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	t͡s u d ʑ i ɛ
cudzie 
	t͡s u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	t͡s u d ʑ i ɛ
cudów 
	t͡s u d u f 
	t͡s u d u v
cudzie 
	t͡s u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	t͡s u d ʑ i ɛ
cudzoziemiec 
	t͡s u d͡z ɔ ʑ ɛ mʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t͡s u d z ɔ ʑ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ t͡s
cudzysłów 
	t͡s u d͡z ɨ s w u f 
	t͡s u d z ɨ s w u v
cudzysłów 
	t͡s u d͡z ɨ s w u f 
	t͡s u d z ɨ s w u v
cugiel 
	t͡s u ɡʲ ɛ l 
	t͡s u gʲ i ɛ l
cugiel 
	t͡s u ɡʲ ɛ l 
	t͡s u gʲ i ɛ l
cugle 
	t͡s u ɡ l ɛ 
	t͡s u g l ɛ
cugle 
	t͡s u ɡ l ɛ 
	t͡s u g l ɛ
cugle 
	t͡s u ɡ l ɛ 
	t͡s u g l ɛ
cukier 
	t͡s u kʲ ɛ r 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɛ r
cukier 
	t͡s u kʲ ɛ r 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɛ r
cukrze 
	t͡s u k ʂ ɛ 
	t͡s u k ʐ ɛ
cukrze 
	t͡s u k ʂ ɛ 
	t͡s u k ʐ ɛ
cukiereczek 
	t͡s u kʲ ɛ r ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɛ r ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ k
cukiereczek 
	t͡s u kʲ ɛ r ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɛ r ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ k
cukierek 
	t͡s u kʲ ɛ r ɛ k 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɛ r ɛ k
cukierek 
	t͡s u kʲ ɛ r ɛ k 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɛ r ɛ k
cukiernia 
	t͡s u kʲ ɛ r ɲ a 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɛ r ɲ i a
cukiernik 
	t͡s u kʲ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɛ r ɲ i k
cukinia 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɲ j a 
	t͡s u kʲ i ɲ i a
cukrzyca 
	t͡s u k ʂ ɨ t͡s a 
	t͡s u k ʐ ɨ t͡s a
cwał 
	t͡s f a w 
	t͡s v a w
cwał 
	t͡s f a w 
	t͡s v a w
ćwiartka 
	t͡ɕ fʲ a r t k a 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i a r t k a
ćwiek 
	t͡ɕ fʲ ɛ k 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i ɛ k
ćwiek 
	t͡ɕ fʲ ɛ k 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i ɛ k
ćwierć 
	t͡ɕ fʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i ɛ r t͡ʂ
ćwierć 
	t͡ɕ fʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i ɛ r t͡ʂ
ćwierćdolarówka 
	t͡ɕ fʲ ɛ r d͡ʑ d ɔ l a r u f k a 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i ɛ r t͡ʂ d ɔ l a r u v k a
ćwierćfinał 
	t͡ɕ fʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ fʲ i n a w 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i ɛ r t͡ʂ fʲ i n a w
ćwierćfinał 
	t͡ɕ fʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ fʲ i n a w 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i ɛ r t͡ʂ fʲ i n a w
ćwierćnuta 
	t͡ɕ fʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ n u t a 
	t͡ʂ vʲ i ɛ r t͡ʂ n u t a
cyberprzestrzeń 
	t͡s ɨ b ɛ r p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ 
	t͡s ɨ b ɛ r p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ
cyberprzestrzeń 
	t͡s ɨ b ɛ r p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ 
	t͡s ɨ b ɛ r p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ
cydr 
	t͡s ɨ d r 
	t͡s ɨ t r
cydr 
	t͡s ɨ d r 
	t͡s ɨ t r
cygaro 
	t͡s ɨ ɡ a r ɔ 
	t͡s ɨ g a r ɔ
cygaro 
	t͡s ɨ ɡ a r ɔ 
	t͡s ɨ g a r ɔ
cygaro 
	t͡s ɨ ɡ a r ɔ 
	t͡s ɨ g a r ɔ
cykl 
	t͡s ɨ k l 
	t͡s ɨ g l
cykl 
	t͡s ɨ k l 
	t͡s ɨ g l
cykloida 
	t͡s ɨ k l ɔ i d a 
	t͡s ɨ g l ɔ i d a
cyrkiel 
	t͡s ɨ r kʲ ɛ l 
	t͡s ɨ r kʲ i ɛ l
cyrkiel 
	t͡s ɨ r kʲ ɛ l 
	t͡s ɨ r kʲ i ɛ l
cytoplazma 
	t͡s ɨ t ɔ p l a z m a 
	t͡s ɨ t ɔ b l a z m a
cytwar 
	t͡s ɨ t f a r 
	t͡s ɨ d v a r
cytwar 
	t͡s ɨ t f a r 
	t͡s ɨ d v a r
cząber 
	t͡ʂ ɔ m b ɛ r 
	t͡ʂ ɔ̃ b ɛ r
cząber 
	t͡ʂ ɔ m b ɛ r 
	t͡ʂ ɔ̃ b ɛ r
czaplach 
	t͡ʂ a p l a x 
	t͡ʂ a b l a x
czaplami 
	t͡ʂ a p l a mʲ i 
	t͡ʂ a b l a mʲ i
czaplą 
	t͡ʂ a p l ɔ̃ 
	t͡ʂ a b l ɔ̃
czapla 
	t͡ʂ a p l a 
	t͡ʂ a b l a
czaplę 
	t͡ʂ a p l ɛ 
	t͡ʂ a b l ɛ~
czaplo 
	t͡ʂ a p l ɔ 
	t͡ʂ a b l ɔ
czarów 
	t͡ʂ a r u f 
	t͡ʂ a r u v
czarnowidztwo 
	t͡ʂ a r n ɔ vʲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	t͡ʂ a r n ɔ vʲ i d s d v ɔ
czarnowidztwo 
	t͡ʂ a r n ɔ vʲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	t͡ʂ a r n ɔ vʲ i d s d v ɔ
czarnowidztwo 
	t͡ʂ a r n ɔ vʲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	t͡ʂ a r n ɔ vʲ i d s d v ɔ
czarodziej 
	t͡ʂ a r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ j 
	t͡ʂ a r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ j
czasomierz 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ mʲ ɛ ʂ 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ mʲ i ɛ ʂ
czasomierz 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ mʲ ɛ ʂ 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ mʲ i ɛ ʂ
czasopismo 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ pʲ i s m ɔ 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ pʲ i z m ɔ
czasopismo 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ pʲ i s m ɔ 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ pʲ i z m ɔ
czasopismo 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ pʲ i s m ɔ 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ pʲ i z m ɔ
czasoprzestrzeń 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ
czasoprzestrzeń 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ 
	t͡ʂ a s ɔ p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ
czcionka 
	t͡ʂ t͡ɕ ɔ n k a 
	t͡ʂ t͡sʲ i ɔ n k a
czekanie 
	t͡ʂ ɛ k a ɲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ k a ɲ i ɛ
czekanie 
	t͡ʂ ɛ k a ɲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ k a ɲ i ɛ
czeluść 
	t͡ʂ ɛ l u ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ l u ɕ t͡ʂ
czeluść 
	t͡ʂ ɛ l u ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ l u ɕ t͡ʂ
czereśnia 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r ɛ ɕ ɲ a 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r ɛ ʑ ɲ i a
czerniak 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r ɲ a k 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r ɲ i a k
czerw 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v
czerwcach 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s a x 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s a x
czerwcami 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s a mʲ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s a mʲ i
czerwca 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s a 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s a
czerwce 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s ɛ
czerwce 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s ɛ
czerwce 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s ɛ
czerwcom 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s ɔ m 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s ɔ m
czerwcowi 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s ɔ vʲ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s ɔ vʲ i
czerwców 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r f t͡s u f 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r v t͡s u v
czerwiec 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r vʲ i ɛ t͡s
czerwiec 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r vʲ i ɛ t͡s
czerwień 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r vʲ ɛ ɲ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r vʲ i ɛ ɲ
czerwień 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r vʲ ɛ ɲ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ r vʲ i ɛ ɲ
częściach 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ a x 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i a x
częściami 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
częścią 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
części 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
części 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
części 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
części 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
części 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
części 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
części 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
części 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
częściom 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
część 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡ʂ
część 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~ɕ t͡ʂ
częstokół 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ s t ɔ k u w 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~s t ɔ k u w
częstokół 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ s t ɔ k u w 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~s t ɔ k u w
częstotliwość 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ s t ɔ t lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~s t ɔ d lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
częstotliwość 
	t͡ʂ ɛ̃ s t ɔ t lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɛ~s t ɔ d lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
czips 
	t͡ʂ i p s 
	t͡s ʑ i p s
czipsy 
	t͡ʂ i p s ɨ 
	t͡s ʑ i p s ɨ
czipsy 
	t͡ʂ i p s ɨ 
	t͡s ʑ i p s ɨ
czipsy 
	t͡ʂ i p s ɨ 
	t͡s ʑ i p s ɨ
czkawce 
	t͡ʂ k a f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡ʂ k a v t͡s ɛ
czkawce 
	t͡ʂ k a f t͡s ɛ 
	t͡ʂ k a v t͡s ɛ
czkawkach 
	t͡ʂ k a f k a x 
	t͡ʂ k a v k a x
czkawką 
	t͡ʂ k a f k ɔ̃ 
	t͡ʂ k a v k ɔ̃
człowieczeństwo 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
człowieczeństwo 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
człowieczeństwo 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
człowieka 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ k a 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ k a
człowieka 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ k a 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ k a
człowiekiem 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ kʲ ɛ m 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ m
człowiek 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ k 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ k
człowieku 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ k u 
	t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ k u
ludziach 
	l u d͡ʑ a x 
	l u d ʑ i a x
ludzie 
	l u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l u d ʑ i ɛ
ludzie 
	l u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l u d ʑ i ɛ
ludzi 
	l u d͡ʑ i 
	l u d ʑ i
ludzi 
	l u d͡ʑ i 
	l u d ʑ i
ludziom 
	l u d͡ʑ ɔ m 
	l u d ʑ i ɔ m
ludźmi 
	l u d͡ʑ mʲ i 
	l u d ʑ mʲ i
czosnek 
	t͡ʂ ɔ s n ɛ k 
	t͡ʂ ɔ z n ɛ k
czosnek 
	t͡ʂ ɔ s n ɛ k 
	t͡ʂ ɔ z n ɛ k
czwartek 
	t͡ʂ f a r t ɛ k 
	d͡ʐ v a r t ɛ k
czwartek 
	t͡ʂ f a r t ɛ k 
	d͡ʐ v a r t ɛ k
czwóreczka 
	t͡ʂ f u r ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	d͡ʐ v u r ɛ t͡ʂ k a
czwórka 
	t͡ʂ f u r k a 
	d͡ʐ v u r k a
czworokąt 
	t͡ʂ f ɔ r ɔ k ɔ n t 
	d͡ʐ v ɔ r ɔ k ɔ̃ t
czworokąt 
	t͡ʂ f ɔ r ɔ k ɔ n t 
	d͡ʐ v ɔ r ɔ k ɔ̃ t
czynie 
	t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
czynie 
	t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
czynników 
	t͡ʂ ɨ n ɲ i k u f 
	t͡ʂ ɨ n ɲ i k u v
czynność 
	t͡ʂ ɨ n n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ n n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
czynność 
	t͡ʂ ɨ n n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ n n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
czytanie 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
czytanie 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
czytanie 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
czytelność 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t ɛ l n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t ɛ l n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
czytelność 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t ɛ l n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t͡ʂ ɨ t ɛ l n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
dąb 
	d ɔ m p 
	d ɔ̃ p
dąb 
	d ɔ m p 
	d ɔ̃ p
dębach 
	d ɛ m b a x 
	d ɛ~b a x
dębami 
	d ɛ m b a mʲ i 
	d ɛ~b a mʲ i
dębem 
	d ɛ m b ɛ m 
	d ɛ~b ɛ m
dębie 
	d ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	d ɛ~bʲ i ɛ
dębie 
	d ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	d ɛ~bʲ i ɛ
dębom 
	d ɛ m b ɔ m 
	d ɛ~b ɔ m
dębowi 
	d ɛ m b ɔ vʲ i 
	d ɛ~b ɔ vʲ i
dębów 
	d ɛ m b u f 
	d ɛ~b u v
dębu 
	d ɛ m b u 
	d ɛ~b u
dęby 
	d ɛ m b ɨ 
	d ɛ~b ɨ
dęby 
	d ɛ m b ɨ 
	d ɛ~b ɨ
dęby 
	d ɛ m b ɨ 
	d ɛ~b ɨ
dachowiec 
	d a x ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	d a x ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
dachówka 
	d a x u f k a 
	d a x u v k a
daktylowiec 
	d a k t ɨ l ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	d a k t ɨ l ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
daktylowiec 
	d a k t ɨ l ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	d a k t ɨ l ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
dalia 
	d a lʲ a 
	d a lʲ i a
daniela 
	d a ɲ ɛ l a 
	d a ɲ i ɛ l a
daniela 
	d a ɲ ɛ l a 
	d a ɲ i ɛ l a
daniele 
	d a ɲ ɛ l ɛ 
	d a ɲ i ɛ l ɛ
daniele 
	d a ɲ ɛ l ɛ 
	d a ɲ i ɛ l ɛ
daniele 
	d a ɲ ɛ l ɛ 
	d a ɲ i ɛ l ɛ
danieli 
	d a ɲ ɛ lʲ i 
	d a ɲ i ɛ lʲ i
daniel 
	d a ɲ ɛ l 
	d a ɲ i ɛ l
darcie 
	d a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
darcie 
	d a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
darcie 
	d a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
darów 
	d a r u f 
	d a r u v
darniach 
	d a r ɲ a x 
	d a r ɲ i a x
darniami 
	d a r ɲ a mʲ i 
	d a r ɲ i a mʲ i
darnią 
	d a r ɲ ɔ̃ 
	d a r ɲ i ɔ̃
darnie 
	d a r ɲ ɛ 
	d a r ɲ i ɛ
darnie 
	d a r ɲ ɛ 
	d a r ɲ i ɛ
darnie 
	d a r ɲ ɛ 
	d a r ɲ i ɛ
darniom 
	d a r ɲ ɔ m 
	d a r ɲ i ɔ m
dacie 
	d a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d a t͡sʲ i ɛ
dacie 
	d a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d a t͡sʲ i ɛ
dawca 
	d a f t͡s a 
	d a v t͡s a
dawczyni 
	d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
dawczyni 
	d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
dawczyni 
	d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
dawczyni 
	d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
dawczyni 
	d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
dawce 
	d a f t͡s ɛ 
	d a v t͡s ɛ
dawce 
	d a f t͡s ɛ 
	d a v t͡s ɛ
dawką 
	d a f k ɔ̃ 
	d a v k ɔ̃
dawka 
	d a f k a 
	d a v k a
dawkę 
	d a f k ɛ 
	d a v k ɛ~
dawki 
	d a f kʲ i 
	d a v kʲ i
dawki 
	d a f kʲ i 
	d a v kʲ i
dawki 
	d a f kʲ i 
	d a v kʲ i
dawki 
	d a f kʲ i 
	d a v kʲ i
debeściak 
	d ɛ b ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ a k 
	d ɛ b ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i a k
debiut 
	d ɛ bʲ u t 
	d ɛ bʲ i u t
debiut 
	d ɛ bʲ u t 
	d ɛ bʲ i u t
deflacja 
	d ɛ f l a t͡s j a 
	d ɛ v l a t͡s j a
defloracja 
	d ɛ f l ɔ r a t͡s j a 
	d ɛ v l ɔ r a t͡s j a
dęga 
	d ɛ ŋ ɡ a 
	d ɛ~g a
dekiel 
	d ɛ kʲ ɛ l 
	d ɛ kʲ i ɛ l
dekiel 
	d ɛ kʲ ɛ l 
	d ɛ kʲ i ɛ l
dekielek 
	d ɛ kʲ ɛ l ɛ k 
	d ɛ kʲ i ɛ l ɛ k
dekielek 
	d ɛ kʲ ɛ l ɛ k 
	d ɛ kʲ i ɛ l ɛ k
deklinacja 
	d ɛ k lʲ i n a t͡s j a 
	d ɛ g lʲ i n a t͡s j a
delegat 
	d ɛ l ɛ ɡ a t 
	d ɛ l ɛ g a t
delikwent 
	d ɛ lʲ i k f ɛ n t 
	d ɛ lʲ i g v ɛ n t
demagog 
	d ɛ m a ɡ ɔ k 
	d ɛ m a g ɔ k
dementowanie 
	d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
dementowanie 
	d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
dementowanie 
	d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
demograf 
	d ɛ m ɔ ɡ r a f 
	d ɛ m ɔ k r a f
demonstrant 
	d ɛ m ɔ̃ s t r a n t 
	d ɛ m ɔ n s t r a n t
depresja 
	d ɛ p r ɛ s j a 
	d ɛ p r ɛ z j a
deszczówka 
	d ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ u f k a 
	d ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ u v k a
detektywie 
	d ɛ t ɛ k t ɨ vʲ ɛ 
	d ɛ t ɛ k t ɨ vʲ i ɛ
detektywie 
	d ɛ t ɛ k t ɨ vʲ ɛ 
	d ɛ t ɛ k t ɨ vʲ i ɛ
detektyw 
	d ɛ t ɛ k t ɨ f 
	d ɛ t ɛ k t ɨ v
dżdżu 
	d͡ʐ d͡ʐ u 
	d ʐ d ʐ u
dżdżu 
	d͡ʐ d͡ʐ u 
	d ʐ d ʐ u
diabeł 
	d j a b ɛ w 
	dʲ i a b ɛ w
diabłach 
	d j a b w a x 
	dʲ i a b w a x
diabłami 
	d j a b w a mʲ i 
	dʲ i a b w a mʲ i
diabła 
	d j a b w a 
	dʲ i a b w a
diabła 
	d j a b w a 
	dʲ i a b w a
diabłem 
	d j a b w ɛ m 
	dʲ i a b w ɛ m
diable 
	d j a b l ɛ 
	dʲ i a b l ɛ
diable 
	d j a b l ɛ 
	dʲ i a b l ɛ
diabłom 
	d j a b w ɔ m 
	dʲ i a b w ɔ m
diabłów 
	d j a b w u f 
	dʲ i a b w u v
diabłu 
	d j a b w u 
	dʲ i a b w u
diabły 
	d j a b w ɨ 
	dʲ i a b w ɨ
diabły 
	d j a b w ɨ 
	dʲ i a b w ɨ
diabły 
	d j a b w ɨ 
	dʲ i a b w ɨ
diablica 
	d j a b lʲ i t͡s a 
	dʲ i a b lʲ i t͡s a
diadem 
	d j a d ɛ m 
	dʲ i a d ɛ m
diadem 
	d j a d ɛ m 
	dʲ i a d ɛ m
diagram 
	d j a ɡ r a m 
	dʲ i a k r a m
diagram 
	d j a ɡ r a m 
	dʲ i a k r a m
diaks 
	d j a k s 
	dʲ i a k s
diaks 
	d j a k s 
	dʲ i a k s
dialekt 
	d j a l ɛ k t 
	dʲ i a l ɛ k t
dialekt 
	d j a l ɛ k t 
	dʲ i a l ɛ k t
dialektologia 
	d j a l ɛ k t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	dʲ i a l ɛ k t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
dialog 
	d j a l ɔ k 
	dʲ i a l ɔ k
dialog 
	d j a l ɔ k 
	dʲ i a l ɔ k
diament 
	d j a m ɛ n t 
	dʲ i a m ɛ n t
diament 
	d j a m ɛ n t 
	dʲ i a m ɛ n t
diecezja 
	d j ɛ t͡s ɛ z j a 
	dʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ z j a
dinozaur 
	d i n ɔ z a w r 
	dʲ i n ɔ z a u r
dioda 
	d j ɔ d a 
	dʲ i ɔ d a
dłonie 
	d w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	d w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
dłonie 
	d w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	d w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
dłonie 
	d w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	d w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
długi 
	d w u ɡʲ i 
	d w u gʲ i
długi 
	d w u ɡʲ i 
	d w u gʲ i
długi 
	d w u ɡʲ i 
	d w u gʲ i
długopis 
	d w u ɡ ɔ pʲ i s 
	d w u g ɔ pʲ i s
długopis 
	d w u ɡ ɔ pʲ i s 
	d w u g ɔ pʲ i s
długość 
	d w u ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	d w u g ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
długość 
	d w u ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	d w u g ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
dłucie 
	d w u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d w u t͡sʲ i ɛ
dna 
	d ɛ ɛ n a 
	d n a
dna 
	d ɛ ɛ n a 
	d n a
dna 
	d ɛ ɛ n a 
	d n a
dna 
	d ɛ ɛ n a 
	d n a
dnie 
	d ɲ ɛ 
	d ɲ i ɛ
dobę 
	d ɔ b ɛ 
	d ɔ b ɛ~
dobie 
	d ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	d ɔ bʲ i ɛ
dobie 
	d ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	d ɔ bʲ i ɛ
dobra 
	d ɔ b r a 
	d ɔ p r a
dobra 
	d ɔ b r a 
	d ɔ p r a
dobra 
	d ɔ b r a 
	d ɔ p r a
dobra 
	d ɔ b r a 
	d ɔ p r a
dobro 
	d ɔ b r ɔ 
	d ɔ p r ɔ
dobro 
	d ɔ b r ɔ 
	d ɔ p r ɔ
dobro 
	d ɔ b r ɔ 
	d ɔ p r ɔ
dobrodziej 
	d ɔ b r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ j 
	d ɔ p r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ j
dodawanie 
	d ɔ d a v a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ d a v a ɲ i ɛ
dodawanie 
	d ɔ d a v a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ d a v a ɲ i ɛ
dodawanie 
	d ɔ d a v a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ d a v a ɲ i ɛ
dokonanie 
	d ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
dokonanie 
	d ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
dokonanie 
	d ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
dolę 
	d ɔ l ɛ 
	d ɔ l ɛ~
dolarów 
	d ɔ l a r u f 
	d ɔ l a r u v
dolców 
	d ɔ l t͡s u f 
	d ɔ l t͡s u v
dolinę 
	d ɔ lʲ i n ɛ 
	d ɔ lʲ i n ɛ~
dolinie 
	d ɔ lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
dolinie 
	d ɔ lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
domów 
	d ɔ m u f 
	d ɔ m u v
domknięcie 
	d ɔ m k ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ɔ m g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
domknięcie 
	d ɔ m k ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ɔ m g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
domknięcie 
	d ɔ m k ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ɔ m g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
domówka 
	d ɔ m u f k a 
	d ɔ m u v k a
donicę 
	d ɔ ɲ i t͡s ɛ 
	d ɔ ɲ i t͡s ɛ~
dopełniacz 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ a t͡ʂ 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ i a t͡ʂ
dopełniacz 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ a t͡ʂ 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ i a t͡ʂ
dopełnienie 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
dopełnienie 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
dopełnienie 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ p ɛ w ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
dopływ 
	d ɔ p w ɨ f 
	d ɔ p w ɨ v
dopływ 
	d ɔ p w ɨ f 
	d ɔ p w ɨ v
doprowadzanie 
	d ɔ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
doprowadzanie 
	d ɔ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
doprowadzanie 
	d ɔ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
dorosłość 
	d ɔ r ɔ s w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	d ɔ r ɔ s w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
dorosłość 
	d ɔ r ɔ s w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	d ɔ r ɔ s w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
dostawczak 
	d ɔ s t a f t͡ʂ a k 
	d ɔ s t a v t͡ʂ a k
dostrzeganie 
	d ɔ s t ʂ ɛ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ s t ʐ ɛ g a ɲ i ɛ
dostrzeganie 
	d ɔ s t ʂ ɛ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ s t ʐ ɛ g a ɲ i ɛ
dostrzeganie 
	d ɔ s t ʂ ɛ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ s t ʐ ɛ g a ɲ i ɛ
doświadczenie 
	d ɔ ɕ fʲ a t t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ ʑ vʲ i a t t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
doświadczenie 
	d ɔ ɕ fʲ a t t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ ʑ vʲ i a t t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
doświadczenie 
	d ɔ ɕ fʲ a t t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɔ ʑ vʲ i a t t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
dowcip 
	d ɔ f t͡ɕ i p 
	d ɔ v t͡sʲ i p
dowcip 
	d ɔ f t͡ɕ i p 
	d ɔ v t͡sʲ i p
dowodów 
	d ɔ v ɔ d u f 
	d ɔ v ɔ d u v
drab 
	d r a p 
	t r a p
drabina 
	d r a bʲ i n a 
	t r a bʲ i n a
drągach 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡ a x 
	t r ɔ̃ g a x
drągami 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡ a mʲ i 
	t r ɔ̃ g a mʲ i
drąga 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡ a 
	t r ɔ̃ g a
drągi 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	t r ɔ̃ gʲ i
drągi 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	t r ɔ̃ gʲ i
drągi 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	t r ɔ̃ gʲ i
drąg 
	d r ɔ ŋ k 
	t r ɔ̃ k
drąg 
	d r ɔ ŋ k 
	t r ɔ̃ k
drągom 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡ ɔ m 
	t r ɔ̃ g ɔ m
drągu 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡ u 
	t r ɔ̃ g u
drągu 
	d r ɔ ŋ ɡ u 
	t r ɔ̃ g u
dramat 
	d r a m a t 
	t r a m a t
dramat 
	d r a m a t 
	t r a m a t
drania 
	d r a ɲ a 
	t r a ɲ i a
drania 
	d r a ɲ a 
	t r a ɲ i a
dranie 
	d r a ɲ ɛ 
	t r a ɲ i ɛ
dranie 
	d r a ɲ ɛ 
	t r a ɲ i ɛ
dranie 
	d r a ɲ ɛ 
	t r a ɲ i ɛ
drani 
	d r a ɲ i 
	t r a ɲ i
draniu 
	d r a ɲ u 
	t r a ɲ i u
draniu 
	d r a ɲ u 
	t r a ɲ i u
drań 
	d r a ɲ 
	t r a ɲ
drapieżnik 
	d r a pʲ ɛ ʐ ɲ i k 
	t r a pʲ i ɛ ʐ ɲ i k
draże 
	d r a ʐ ɛ 
	t r a ʐ ɛ
draże 
	d r a ʐ ɛ 
	t r a ʐ ɛ
draże 
	d r a ʐ ɛ 
	t r a ʐ ɛ
dresiarze 
	d r ɛ ɕ a ʐ ɛ 
	t r ɛ ɕ i a ʐ ɛ
dresiarze 
	d r ɛ ɕ a ʐ ɛ 
	t r ɛ ɕ i a ʐ ɛ
dresiarz 
	d r ɛ ɕ a ʂ 
	t r ɛ ɕ i a ʂ
dreszcz 
	d r ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ 
	t r ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ
dreszcz 
	d r ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ 
	t r ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ
drewniak 
	d r ɛ v ɲ a k 
	t r ɛ v ɲ i a k
drewno 
	d r ɛ v n ɔ 
	t r ɛ v n ɔ
drewno 
	d r ɛ v n ɔ 
	t r ɛ v n ɔ
drewno 
	d r ɛ v n ɔ 
	t r ɛ v n ɔ
drganie 
	d r ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	t r g a ɲ i ɛ
drganie 
	d r ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	t r g a ɲ i ɛ
drganie 
	d r ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	t r g a ɲ i ɛ
drobiazg 
	d r ɔ bʲ a s k 
	t r ɔ bʲ i a s k
drobiazg 
	d r ɔ bʲ a s k 
	t r ɔ bʲ i a s k
drobina 
	d r ɔ bʲ i n a 
	t r ɔ bʲ i n a
drodze 
	d r ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	t r ɔ d z ɛ
drodze 
	d r ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	t r ɔ d z ɛ
drogach 
	d r ɔ ɡ a x 
	t r ɔ g a x
drogami 
	d r ɔ ɡ a mʲ i 
	t r ɔ g a mʲ i
drogą 
	d r ɔ ɡ ɔ̃ 
	t r ɔ g ɔ̃
droga 
	d r ɔ ɡ a 
	t r ɔ g a
drogę 
	d r ɔ ɡ ɛ 
	t r ɔ g ɛ~
drogi 
	d r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	t r ɔ gʲ i
drogi 
	d r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	t r ɔ gʲ i
drogi 
	d r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	t r ɔ gʲ i
drogi 
	d r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	t r ɔ gʲ i
dróg 
	d r u k 
	t r u k
drogom 
	d r ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	t r ɔ g ɔ m
drogo 
	d r ɔ ɡ ɔ 
	t r ɔ g ɔ
drogówka 
	d r ɔ ɡ u f k a 
	t r ɔ g u v k a
drogowskaz 
	d r ɔ ɡ ɔ f s k a s 
	t r ɔ g ɔ v s k a s
drogowskaz 
	d r ɔ ɡ ɔ f s k a s 
	t r ɔ g ɔ v s k a s
dromader 
	d r ɔ m a d ɛ r 
	t r ɔ m a d ɛ r
dropiach 
	d r ɔ pʲ a x 
	t r ɔ pʲ i a x
dropiami 
	d r ɔ pʲ a mʲ i 
	t r ɔ pʲ i a mʲ i
dropia 
	d r ɔ pʲ a 
	t r ɔ pʲ i a
dropia 
	d r ɔ pʲ a 
	t r ɔ pʲ i a
dropiem 
	d r ɔ pʲ ɛ m 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ m
dropie 
	d r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
dropie 
	d r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
dropie 
	d r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
dropie 
	d r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
dropi 
	d r ɔ pʲ i 
	t r ɔ pʲ i
dropiom 
	d r ɔ pʲ ɔ m 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɔ m
dropiowi 
	d r ɔ pʲ ɔ vʲ i 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɔ vʲ i
dropiu 
	d r ɔ pʲ u 
	t r ɔ pʲ i u
drop 
	d r ɔ p 
	t r ɔ p
drozdach 
	d r ɔ z d a x 
	t r ɔ z d a x
drozdami 
	d r ɔ z d a mʲ i 
	t r ɔ z d a mʲ i
drozda 
	d r ɔ z d a 
	t r ɔ z d a
drozda 
	d r ɔ z d a 
	t r ɔ z d a
drozdem 
	d r ɔ z d ɛ m 
	t r ɔ z d ɛ m
drozd 
	d r ɔ s t 
	t r ɔ s t
drozdom 
	d r ɔ z d ɔ m 
	t r ɔ z d ɔ m
drozdowi 
	d r ɔ z d ɔ vʲ i 
	t r ɔ z d ɔ vʲ i
drozdów 
	d r ɔ z d u f 
	t r ɔ z d u v
drozdy 
	d r ɔ z d ɨ 
	t r ɔ z d ɨ
drozdy 
	d r ɔ z d ɨ 
	t r ɔ z d ɨ
drozdy 
	d r ɔ z d ɨ 
	t r ɔ z d ɨ
droździe 
	d r ɔ ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	t r ɔ ʑ d ʑ i ɛ
droździe 
	d r ɔ ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	t r ɔ ʑ d ʑ i ɛ
drożdżówka 
	d r ɔ ʐ d͡ʐ u f k a 
	t r ɔ ʐ d ʐ u v k a
druh 
	d r u x 
	t r u x
drukarka 
	d r u k a r k a 
	t r u k a r k a
drukarnia 
	d r u k a r ɲ a 
	t r u k a r ɲ i a
drumla 
	d r u m l a 
	t r u m l a
drużyna 
	d r u ʐ ɨ n a 
	t r u ʐ ɨ n a
drużynie 
	d r u ʐ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	t r u ʐ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
drużynie 
	d r u ʐ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	t r u ʐ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
drużyny 
	d r u ʐ ɨ n ɨ 
	t r u ʐ ɨ n ɨ
drużyny 
	d r u ʐ ɨ n ɨ 
	t r u ʐ ɨ n ɨ
drużyny 
	d r u ʐ ɨ n ɨ 
	t r u ʐ ɨ n ɨ
drużyny 
	d r u ʐ ɨ n ɨ 
	t r u ʐ ɨ n ɨ
drwal 
	d r v a l 
	t r v a l
drylowanie 
	d r ɨ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t r ɨ l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
drylowanie 
	d r ɨ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t r ɨ l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
drylowanie 
	d r ɨ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t r ɨ l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
drzazga 
	d ʐ a z ɡ a 
	d ʐ a z g a
drzewie 
	d ʐ ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	d ʐ ɛ vʲ i ɛ
drzew 
	d ʐ ɛ f 
	d ʐ ɛ v
dubeltówka 
	d u b ɛ l t u f k a 
	d u b ɛ l t u v k a
dubstep 
	d a p s t ɛ p 
	d u p s t ɛ p
dubstep 
	d a p s t ɛ p 
	d u p s t ɛ p
duchów 
	d u x u f 
	d u x u v
dudziarz 
	d u d͡ʑ a ʂ 
	d u d ʑ i a ʂ
dumę 
	d u m ɛ 
	d u m ɛ~
dumie 
	d u mʲ ɛ 
	d u mʲ i ɛ
dumie 
	d u mʲ ɛ 
	d u mʲ i ɛ
dupkiem 
	d u p kʲ ɛ m 
	d u p kʲ i ɛ m
durszlak 
	d u r ʂ l a k 
	d u r ʐ l a k
durszlak 
	d u r ʂ l a k 
	d u r ʐ l a k
duszę 
	d u ʂ ɛ 
	d u ʂ ɛ~
dwujęzyczność 
	d v u j ɛ̃ z ɨ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	d v u j ɛ~z ɨ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
dwujęzyczność 
	d v u j ɛ̃ z ɨ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	d v u j ɛ~z ɨ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
dwumian 
	d v u mʲ a n 
	d v u mʲ i a n
dwumian 
	d v u mʲ a n 
	d v u mʲ i a n
dwunastnica 
	d v u n a s t ɲ i t͡s a 
	d v u n a s d ɲ i t͡s a
dwusuw 
	d v u s u f 
	d v u s u v
dwusuw 
	d v u s u f 
	d v u s u v
dwutlenek 
	d v u t l ɛ n ɛ k 
	d v u d l ɛ n ɛ k
dwutlenek 
	d v u t l ɛ n ɛ k 
	d v u d l ɛ n ɛ k
dyftong 
	d ɨ f t ɔ ŋ k 
	d ɨ f t ɔ n k
dyftong 
	d ɨ f t ɔ ŋ k 
	d ɨ f t ɔ n k
dymie 
	d ɨ mʲ ɛ 
	d ɨ mʲ i ɛ
dymie 
	d ɨ mʲ ɛ 
	d ɨ mʲ i ɛ
dymów 
	d ɨ m u f 
	d ɨ m u v
dyniach 
	d ɨ ɲ a x 
	d ɨ ɲ i a x
dynią 
	d ɨ ɲ ɔ̃ 
	d ɨ ɲ i ɔ̃
dynia 
	d ɨ ɲ a 
	d ɨ ɲ i a
dynie 
	d ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɨ ɲ i ɛ
dynie 
	d ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɨ ɲ i ɛ
dynie 
	d ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	d ɨ ɲ i ɛ
dynio 
	d ɨ ɲ ɔ 
	d ɨ ɲ i ɔ
dyplomata 
	d ɨ p l ɔ m a t a 
	d ɨ b l ɔ m a t a
dyrygent 
	d ɨ r ɨ ɡ ɛ n t 
	d ɨ r ɨ g ɛ n t
dyskietka 
	d ɨ s kʲ ɛ t k a 
	d ɨ s kʲ i ɛ t k a
dyskusja 
	d ɨ s k u s j a 
	d ɨ s k u z j a
dyszę 
	d ɨ ʂ ɛ 
	d ɨ ʂ ɛ~
dywersja 
	d ɨ v ɛ r s j a 
	d ɨ v ɛ r z j a
dzban 
	d͡z b a n 
	d z b a n
dzban 
	d͡z b a n 
	d z b a n
dżdżownica 
	d͡ʐ d͡ʐ ɔ v ɲ i t͡s a 
	d ʐ d ʐ ɔ v ɲ i t͡s a
dżelada 
	d͡ʐ ɛ l a d a 
	d ʐ ɛ l a d a
dżem 
	d͡ʐ ɛ m 
	d ʐ ɛ m
dżem 
	d͡ʐ ɛ m 
	d ʐ ɛ m
dżentelmen 
	d͡ʐ ɛ n t ɛ l m ɛ n 
	d ʐ ɛ n t ɛ l m ɛ n
dżezbend 
	d͡ʐ ɛ z b ɛ n t 
	d ʐ ɛ z b ɛ n t
dżezbend 
	d͡ʐ ɛ z b ɛ n t 
	d ʐ ɛ z b ɛ n t
dżezmen 
	d͡ʐ ɛ z m ɛ n 
	d ʐ ɛ z m ɛ n
dziadek 
	d͡ʑ a d ɛ k 
	d ʑ i a d ɛ k
dziadka 
	d͡ʑ a t k a 
	d ʑ i a t k a
dziadka 
	d͡ʑ a t k a 
	d ʑ i a t k a
dziadku 
	d͡ʑ a t k u 
	d ʑ i a t k u
dziadku 
	d͡ʑ a t k u 
	d ʑ i a t k u
działacz 
	d͡ʑ a w a t͡ʂ 
	d ʑ i a w a t͡ʂ
działaczka 
	d͡ʑ a w a t͡ʂ k a 
	d ʑ i a w a t͡ʂ k a
działania 
	d͡ʑ a w a ɲ a 
	d ʑ i a w a ɲ i a
działania 
	d͡ʑ a w a ɲ a 
	d ʑ i a w a ɲ i a
działania 
	d͡ʑ a w a ɲ a 
	d ʑ i a w a ɲ i a
działania 
	d͡ʑ a w a ɲ a 
	d ʑ i a w a ɲ i a
działach 
	d͡ʑ a w a x 
	d ʑ i a w a x
działem 
	d͡ʑ a w ɛ m 
	d ʑ i a w ɛ m
dziale 
	d͡ʑ a l ɛ 
	d ʑ i a l ɛ
dziale 
	d͡ʑ a l ɛ 
	d ʑ i a l ɛ
dział 
	d͡ʑ a w 
	d ʑ i a w
dział 
	d͡ʑ a w 
	d ʑ i a w
działom 
	d͡ʑ a w ɔ m 
	d ʑ i a w ɔ m
działowi 
	d͡ʑ a w ɔ vʲ i 
	d ʑ i a w ɔ vʲ i
działu 
	d͡ʑ a w u 
	d ʑ i a w u
działka 
	d͡ʑ a w k a 
	d ʑ i a w k a
działko 
	d͡ʑ a w k ɔ 
	d ʑ i a w k ɔ
działka 
	d͡ʑ a w k a 
	d ʑ i a w k a
działka 
	d͡ʑ a w k a 
	d ʑ i a w k a
działka 
	d͡ʑ a w k a 
	d ʑ i a w k a
działka 
	d͡ʑ a w k a 
	d ʑ i a w k a
działko 
	d͡ʑ a w k ɔ 
	d ʑ i a w k ɔ
działko 
	d͡ʑ a w k ɔ 
	d ʑ i a w k ɔ
działko 
	d͡ʑ a w k ɔ 
	d ʑ i a w k ɔ
działach 
	d͡ʑ a w a x 
	d ʑ i a w a x
działa 
	d͡ʑ a w a 
	d ʑ i a w a
działa 
	d͡ʑ a w a 
	d ʑ i a w a
działa 
	d͡ʑ a w a 
	d ʑ i a w a
działa 
	d͡ʑ a w a 
	d ʑ i a w a
działem 
	d͡ʑ a w ɛ m 
	d ʑ i a w ɛ m
dziale 
	d͡ʑ a l ɛ 
	d ʑ i a l ɛ
dział 
	d͡ʑ a w 
	d ʑ i a w
działom 
	d͡ʑ a w ɔ m 
	d ʑ i a w ɔ m
działo 
	d͡ʑ a w ɔ 
	d ʑ i a w ɔ
działo 
	d͡ʑ a w ɔ 
	d ʑ i a w ɔ
działo 
	d͡ʑ a w ɔ 
	d ʑ i a w ɔ
działu 
	d͡ʑ a w u 
	d ʑ i a w u
dziąsło 
	d͡ʑ ɔ̃ s w ɔ 
	d ʑ i ɔ̃ s w ɔ
dziąsło 
	d͡ʑ ɔ̃ s w ɔ 
	d ʑ i ɔ̃ s w ɔ
dziąsło 
	d͡ʑ ɔ̃ s w ɔ 
	d ʑ i ɔ̃ s w ɔ
dzida 
	d͡ʑ i d a 
	d ʑ i d a
dzidziuś 
	d͡ʑ i d͡ʑ u ɕ 
	d ʑ i d ʑ i u ɕ
dziecię 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ~
dziecię 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ~
dziecię 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ~
dzięcielina 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ lʲ i n a 
	d ʑ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ lʲ i n a
dzieciobójstwo 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
dzieciobójstwo 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
dzieciobójstwo 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
dzięcioł 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ w 
	d ʑ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ w
dzieciach 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ a x 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i a x
dzieci 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
dzieci 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
dzieci 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
dzieci 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
dzieciom 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
dziecka 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s k a 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡s k a
dzieckiem 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s kʲ ɛ m 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡s kʲ i ɛ m
dziecku 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s k u 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡s k u
dziecku 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s k u 
	d ʑ i ɛ t͡s k u
dziedzic 
	d͡ʑ ɛ d͡ʑ i t͡s 
	d ʑ i ɛ d ʑ i t͡s
dziedzina 
	d͡ʑ ɛ d͡ʑ i n a 
	d ʑ i ɛ d ʑ i n a
dziedziniec 
	d͡ʑ ɛ d͡ʑ i ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	d ʑ i ɛ d ʑ i ɲ i ɛ t͡s
dziedziniec 
	d͡ʑ ɛ d͡ʑ i ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	d ʑ i ɛ d ʑ i ɲ i ɛ t͡s
dzielenie 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
dzielenie 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
dzielenie 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
dzielną 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɔ̃ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n ɔ̃
dzielną 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɔ̃ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n ɔ̃
dzielna 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n a 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n a
dzielna 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n a 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n a
dzielne 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n ɛ
dzielne 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n ɛ
dzielne 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n ɛ
dzielnych 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɨ x 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n ɨ x
dzielnych 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɨ x 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n ɨ x
dzielnym 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɨ m 
	d ʑ i ɛ l n ɨ m
dzielnica 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɲ i t͡s a 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɲ i t͡s a
dzielnicy 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɲ i t͡s ɨ
dzielnicy 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɲ i t͡s ɨ
dzielnicy 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɲ i t͡s ɨ
dzielnik 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɲ i k 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɲ i k
dzielnik 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɲ i k 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɲ i k
dziełach 
	d͡ʑ ɛ w a x 
	d ʑ i ɛ w a x
dziełem 
	d͡ʑ ɛ w ɛ m 
	d ʑ i ɛ w ɛ m
dziele 
	d͡ʑ ɛ l ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ l ɛ
dzieł 
	d͡ʑ ɛ w 
	d ʑ i ɛ w
dziełom 
	d͡ʑ ɛ w ɔ m 
	d ʑ i ɛ w ɔ m
dniach 
	d ɲ a x 
	d ɲ i a x
dniami 
	d ɲ a mʲ i 
	d ɲ i a mʲ i
dnia 
	d ɲ a 
	d ɲ i a
dniem 
	d ɲ ɛ m 
	d ɲ i ɛ m
dniom 
	d ɲ ɔ m 
	d ɲ i ɔ m
dniowi 
	d ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	d ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
dniu 
	d ɲ u 
	d ɲ i u
dniu 
	d ɲ u 
	d ɲ i u
dzień 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ 
	d ʑ i ɛ ɲ
dzień 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ 
	d ʑ i ɛ ɲ
dziennikarka 
	d͡ʑ ɛ n ɲ i k a r k a 
	d ʑ i ɛ n ɲ i k a r k a
dziennikarz 
	d͡ʑ ɛ n ɲ i k a ʂ 
	d ʑ i ɛ n ɲ i k a ʂ
dziennik 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ ɲ i k 
	d ʑ i ɛ n ɲ i k
dziennik 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ ɲ i k 
	d ʑ i ɛ n ɲ i k
dziesięciolecie 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
dziesięciolecie 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
dziesięciolecie 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
dzietność 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	d ʑ i ɛ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
dzietność 
	d͡ʑ ɛ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	d ʑ i ɛ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
dziewczę 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɛ~
dziewczę 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɛ~
dziewczę 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɛ~
dziewczęta 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɛ n t a 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɛ~t a
dziewczęta 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɛ n t a 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɛ~t a
dziewczęta 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɛ n t a 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɛ~t a
dziewczynach 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n a x 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n a x
dziewczyną 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n ɔ̃ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n ɔ̃
dziewczynie 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
dziewczynie 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
dziewczyn 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n
dziewczynom 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n ɔ m 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n ɔ m
dziewczyny 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ
dziewczyny 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ
dziewczyny 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ
dziewczyny 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ
dziewczynek 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n ɛ k 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n ɛ k
dziewczynkach 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n k a x 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n k a x
dziewczynką 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n k ɔ̃ 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n k ɔ̃
dziewczynka 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n k a 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n k a
dziewczynki 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n kʲ i 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n kʲ i
dziewczynki 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n kʲ i 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n kʲ i
dziewczynki 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n kʲ i 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n kʲ i
dziewczynki 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n kʲ i 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n kʲ i
dziewczynkom 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f t͡ʂ ɨ n k ɔ m 
	d ʑ i ɛ v t͡ʂ ɨ n k ɔ m
dziewięciornik 
	d͡ʑ ɛ vʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ r ɲ i k 
	d ʑ i ɛ vʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ r ɲ i k
dziewięciornik 
	d͡ʑ ɛ vʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ r ɲ i k 
	d ʑ i ɛ vʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ r ɲ i k
dziewierz 
	d͡ʑ ɛ vʲ ɛ ʂ 
	d ʑ i ɛ vʲ i ɛ ʂ
dziewka 
	d͡ʑ ɛ f k a 
	d ʑ i ɛ v k a
dziewoja 
	d͡ʑ ɛ v ɔ j a 
	d ʑ i ɛ v ɔ j a
dzieża 
	d͡ʑ ɛ ʐ a 
	d ʑ i ɛ ʐ a
dzika 
	d͡ʑ i k a 
	d ʑ i k a
dzika 
	d͡ʑ i k a 
	d ʑ i k a
dziki 
	d͡ʑ i kʲ i 
	d ʑ i kʲ i
dziki 
	d͡ʑ i kʲ i 
	d ʑ i kʲ i
dziki 
	d͡ʑ i kʲ i 
	d ʑ i kʲ i
dzik 
	d͡ʑ i k 
	d ʑ i k
dzikus 
	d͡ʑ i k u s 
	d ʑ i k u s
dżinn 
	d͡ʐ i n n 
	d ʐʲ i n n
dziobak 
	d͡ʑ ɔ b a k 
	d ʑ i ɔ b a k
dziobie 
	d͡ʑ ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɔ bʲ i ɛ
dziobie 
	d͡ʑ ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	d ʑ i ɔ bʲ i ɛ
dziób 
	d͡ʑ u p 
	d ʑ i u p
dziób 
	d͡ʑ u p 
	d ʑ i u p
dzióbek 
	d͡ʑ u b ɛ k 
	d ʑ i u b ɛ k
dzióbek 
	d͡ʑ u b ɛ k 
	d ʑ i u b ɛ k
dziupla 
	d͡ʑ u p l a 
	d ʑ i u b l a
dziura 
	d͡ʑ u r a 
	d ʑ i u r a
dziurę 
	d͡ʑ u r ɛ 
	d ʑ i u r ɛ~
dziury 
	d͡ʑ u r ɨ 
	d ʑ i u r ɨ
dziury 
	d͡ʑ u r ɨ 
	d ʑ i u r ɨ
dziury 
	d͡ʑ u r ɨ 
	d ʑ i u r ɨ
dziury 
	d͡ʑ u r ɨ 
	d ʑ i u r ɨ
dziurawiec 
	d͡ʑ u r a vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	d ʑ i u r a vʲ i ɛ t͡s
dziurawiec 
	d͡ʑ u r a vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	d ʑ i u r a vʲ i ɛ t͡s
dziureczka 
	d͡ʑ u r ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	d ʑ i u r ɛ t͡ʂ k a
dziurka 
	d͡ʑ u r k a 
	d ʑ i u r k a
dziw 
	d͡ʑ i f 
	d ʑ i v
dziw 
	d͡ʑ i f 
	d ʑ i v
dziwka 
	d͡ʑ i f k a 
	d ʑ i v k a
dżojstik 
	d͡ʐ ɔ j s t i k 
	d ʐ ɔ j s tʲ i k
dżojstik 
	d͡ʐ ɔ j s t i k 
	d ʐ ɔ j s tʲ i k
dżokej 
	d͡ʐ ɔ k ɛ j 
	d ʐ ɔ k ɛ j
dżoker 
	d͡ʐ ɔ k ɛ r 
	d ʐ ɔ k ɛ r
dżudoczka 
	d͡ʐ u d ɔ t͡ʂ k a 
	d ʐ u d ɔ t͡ʂ k a
dżudoka 
	d͡ʐ u d ɔ k a 
	d ʐ u d ɔ k a
dżul 
	d͡ʐ u l 
	d ʐ u l
dżul 
	d͡ʐ u l 
	d ʐ u l
dżuma 
	d͡ʐ u m a 
	d ʐ u m a
dżungla 
	d͡ʐ u n ɡ l a 
	d ʐ u n g l a
dżungli 
	d͡ʐ u n ɡ lʲ i 
	d ʐ u n g lʲ i
dżungli 
	d͡ʐ u n ɡ lʲ i 
	d ʐ u n g lʲ i
dżungli 
	d͡ʐ u n ɡ lʲ i 
	d ʐ u n g lʲ i
dżungli 
	d͡ʐ u n ɡ lʲ i 
	d ʐ u n g lʲ i
dźwig 
	d͡ʑ vʲ i k 
	d ʑ vʲ i k
dźwig 
	d͡ʑ vʲ i k 
	d ʑ vʲ i k
dźwignia 
	d͡ʑ vʲ i ɡ ɲ a 
	d ʑ vʲ i g ɲ i a
dzwonie 
	d͡z v ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	d z v ɔ ɲ i ɛ
dzwonie 
	d͡z v ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	d z v ɔ ɲ i ɛ
dzwon 
	d͡z v ɔ n 
	d z v ɔ n
dzwon 
	d͡z v ɔ n 
	d z v ɔ n
dzwonu 
	d͡z v ɔ n u 
	d z v ɔ n u
dzwonek 
	d͡z v ɔ n ɛ k 
	d z v ɔ n ɛ k
dzwonek 
	d͡z v ɔ n ɛ k 
	d z v ɔ n ɛ k
dzwonki 
	d͡z v ɔ n kʲ i 
	d z v ɔ n kʲ i
dzwonki 
	d͡z v ɔ n kʲ i 
	d z v ɔ n kʲ i
dzwonki 
	d͡z v ɔ n kʲ i 
	d z v ɔ n kʲ i
dzwoniec 
	d͡z v ɔ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	d z v ɔ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
edredon 
	ɛ d r ɛ d ɔ n 
	ɛ t r ɛ d ɔ n
egiptolog 
	ɛ ɡʲ i p t ɔ l ɔ k 
	ɛ gʲ i p t ɔ l ɔ k
egocentryzm 
	ɛ ɡ ɔ t͡s ɛ n t r ɨ z m 
	ɛ g ɔ t͡s ɛ n t r ɨ z m
egocentryzm 
	ɛ ɡ ɔ t͡s ɛ n t r ɨ z m 
	ɛ g ɔ t͡s ɛ n t r ɨ z m
egoista 
	ɛ ɡ ɔ i s t a 
	ɛ g ɔ i s t a
egranizacja 
	ɛ ɡ r a ɲ i z a t͡s j a 
	ɛ k r a ɲ i z a t͡s j a
egzamin 
	ɛ ɡ z a mʲ i n 
	ɛ g z a mʲ i n
egzamin 
	ɛ ɡ z a mʲ i n 
	ɛ g z a mʲ i n
egzaminowanie 
	ɛ ɡ z a mʲ i n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɛ g z a mʲ i n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
egzaminowanie 
	ɛ ɡ z a mʲ i n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɛ g z a mʲ i n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
egzaminowanie 
	ɛ ɡ z a mʲ i n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɛ g z a mʲ i n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
egzonim 
	ɛ ɡ z ɔ ɲ i m 
	ɛ g z ɔ ɲ i m
egzonim 
	ɛ ɡ z ɔ ɲ i m 
	ɛ g z ɔ ɲ i m
egzorcysta 
	ɛ ɡ z ɔ r t͡s ɨ s t a 
	ɛ g z ɔ r t͡s ɨ s t a
egzorcyzm 
	ɛ ɡ z ɔ r t͡s ɨ z m 
	ɛ g z ɔ r t͡s ɨ z m
egzorcyzm 
	ɛ ɡ z ɔ r t͡s ɨ z m 
	ɛ g z ɔ r t͡s ɨ z m
egzosfera 
	ɛ ɡ z ɔ s f ɛ r a 
	ɛ g z ɔ s f ɛ r a
egzystencja 
	ɛ ɡ z ɨ s t ɛ n t͡s j a 
	ɛ g z ɨ s t ɛ n t͡s j a
ekierka 
	ɛ kʲ ɛ r k a 
	ɛ kʲ i ɛ r k a
ekspedient 
	ɛ k s p ɛ d j ɛ n t 
	ɛ k s p ɛ dʲ i ɛ n t
ekspedientka 
	ɛ k s p ɛ d j ɛ n t k a 
	ɛ k s p ɛ dʲ i ɛ n t k a
eksplozja 
	ɛ k s p l ɔ z j a 
	ɛ k s b l ɔ z j a
ekwilibrysta 
	ɛ k fʲ i lʲ i b r ɨ s t a 
	ɛ g vʲ i lʲ i p r ɨ s t a
ekwilibrystyka 
	ɛ k fʲ i lʲ i b r ɨ s t ɨ k a 
	ɛ g vʲ i lʲ i p r ɨ s t ɨ k a
elektrownia 
	ɛ l ɛ k t r ɔ v ɲ a 
	ɛ l ɛ k t r ɔ v ɲ i a
embargo 
	ɛ m b a r ɡ ɔ 
	ɛ m b a r g ɔ
embargo 
	ɛ m b a r ɡ ɔ 
	ɛ m b a r g ɔ
embargo 
	ɛ m b a r ɡ ɔ 
	ɛ m b a r g ɔ
encyklopedia 
	ɛ n t͡s ɨ k l ɔ p ɛ d j a 
	ɛ n t͡s ɨ g l ɔ p ɛ dʲ i a
energiach 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j a x 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i a x
energiami 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j a mʲ i 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i a mʲ i
energią 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ ɔ̃ 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i ɔ̃
energia 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j a 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i a
energie 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ ɛ 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i ɛ
energię 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ ɛ 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i ɛ~
energie 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ ɛ 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i ɛ
energie 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ ɛ 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i ɛ
energii 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j i 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i i
energii 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j i 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i i
energii 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j i 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i i
energii 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j i 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i i
energiom 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j ɔ m 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i ɔ m
energio 
	ɛ n ɛ r ɡʲ j ɔ 
	ɛ n ɛ r gʲ i ɔ
enklawa 
	ɛ ŋ k l a v a 
	ɛ n g l a v a
entalpia 
	ɛ n t a l pʲ a 
	ɛ n t a l pʲ i a
entropia 
	ɛ n t r ɔ pʲ a 
	ɛ n t r ɔ pʲ i a
enzym 
	ɛ̃ z ɨ m 
	ɛ n z ɨ m
enzym 
	ɛ̃ z ɨ m 
	ɛ n z ɨ m
epicykl 
	ɛ pʲ i t͡s ɨ k l 
	ɛ pʲ i t͡s ɨ g l
epicykl 
	ɛ pʲ i t͡s ɨ k l 
	ɛ pʲ i t͡s ɨ g l
epidemia 
	ɛ pʲ i d ɛ mʲ a 
	ɛ pʲ i d ɛ mʲ i a
epitafium 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ u m 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ i u m
epitafium 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ u m 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ i u m
epitafium 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ u m 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ i u m
epitafium 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ u m 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ i u m
epitafium 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ u m 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ i u m
epitafium 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ u m 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ i u m
epitafium 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ u m 
	ɛ pʲ i t a fʲ i u m
erę 
	ɛ r ɛ 
	ɛ r ɛ~
esemesowanie 
	ɛ s ɛ m ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɛ s ɛ m ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
esemesowanie 
	ɛ s ɛ m ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɛ s ɛ m ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
esemesowanie 
	ɛ s ɛ m ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɛ s ɛ m ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
etnologia 
	ɛ t n ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	ɛ d n ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
etymologia 
	ɛ t ɨ m ɔ l ɔ ɡ j a 
	ɛ t ɨ m ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
eucharystia 
	ɛ w x a r ɨ s t j a 
	ɛ u x a r ɨ s tʲ i a
eufemizm 
	ɛ w f ɛ mʲ i z m 
	ɛ u f ɛ mʲ i z m
eufemizm 
	ɛ w f ɛ mʲ i z m 
	ɛ u f ɛ mʲ i z m
eufuizm 
	ɛ w f u i z m 
	ɛ u f u i z m
eufuizm 
	ɛ w f u i z m 
	ɛ u f u i z m
eunuchoidyzm 
	ɛ w n u x ɔ i d ɨ z m 
	ɛ u n u x ɔ i d ɨ z m
eunuchoidyzm 
	ɛ w n u x ɔ i d ɨ z m 
	ɛ u n u x ɔ i d ɨ z m
eurodance 
	ɛ w r ɔ d ɛ̃ s 
	ɛ u r ɔ d a n t͡s ɛ
eurodance 
	ɛ w r ɔ d ɛ̃ s 
	ɛ u r ɔ d a n t͡s ɛ
europie 
	ɛ w r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	ɛ u r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
europie 
	ɛ w r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	ɛ u r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
europ 
	ɛ w r ɔ p 
	ɛ u r ɔ p
europ 
	ɛ w r ɔ p 
	ɛ u r ɔ p
eutanazja 
	ɛ w t a n a z j a 
	ɛ u t a n a z j a
ewangeliarz 
	ɛ v a n ɡ ɛ lʲ a ʂ 
	ɛ v a n g ɛ lʲ i a ʂ
ewangeliarz 
	ɛ v a n ɡ ɛ lʲ a ʂ 
	ɛ v a n g ɛ lʲ i a ʂ
fabryka 
	f a b r ɨ k a 
	f a p r ɨ k a
faceci 
	f a t͡s ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	f a t͡s ɛ t͡sʲ i
faceci 
	f a t͡s ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	f a t͡s ɛ t͡sʲ i
facetów 
	f a t͡s ɛ t u f 
	f a t͡s ɛ t u v
facetów 
	f a t͡s ɛ t u f 
	f a t͡s ɛ t u v
fagot 
	f a ɡ ɔ t 
	f a g ɔ t
fagot 
	f a ɡ ɔ t 
	f a g ɔ t
falanga 
	f a l a n ɡ a 
	f a l a n g a
fałszerstwo 
	f a w ʂ ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	f a w ʂ ɛ r s d v ɔ
fałszerstwo 
	f a w ʂ ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	f a w ʂ ɛ r s d v ɔ
fałszerstwo 
	f a w ʂ ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	f a w ʂ ɛ r s d v ɔ
fałszywka 
	f a w ʂ ɨ f k a 
	f a w ʂ ɨ v k a
farmaceuta 
	f a r m a t͡s ɛ w t a 
	f a r m a t͡s ɛ u t a
farmaceutka 
	f a r m a t͡s ɛ w t k a 
	f a r m a t͡s ɛ u t k a
fatwa 
	f a t f a 
	f a d v a
faul 
	f a w l 
	f a u l
faul 
	f a w l 
	f a u l
fax 
	f a k s 
	f a x
fax 
	f a k s 
	f a x
felga 
	f ɛ l ɡ a 
	f ɛ l g a
felieton 
	f ɛ lʲ ɛ t ɔ n 
	f ɛ lʲ i ɛ t ɔ n
felieton 
	f ɛ lʲ ɛ t ɔ n 
	f ɛ lʲ i ɛ t ɔ n
fermion 
	f ɛ r mʲ ɔ n 
	f ɛ r mʲ i ɔ n
fermion 
	f ɛ r mʲ ɔ n 
	f ɛ r mʲ i ɔ n
festiwal 
	f ɛ s t i v a l 
	f ɛ s tʲ i v a l
festiwal 
	f ɛ s t i v a l 
	f ɛ s tʲ i v a l
fidze 
	fʲ i d͡z ɛ 
	fʲ i d z ɛ
fidze 
	fʲ i d͡z ɛ 
	fʲ i d z ɛ
figach 
	fʲ i ɡ a x 
	fʲ i g a x
figami 
	fʲ i ɡ a mʲ i 
	fʲ i g a mʲ i
figą 
	fʲ i ɡ ɔ̃ 
	fʲ i g ɔ̃
figa 
	fʲ i ɡ a 
	fʲ i g a
figę 
	fʲ i ɡ ɛ 
	fʲ i g ɛ~
figi 
	fʲ i ɡʲ i 
	fʲ i gʲ i
figi 
	fʲ i ɡʲ i 
	fʲ i gʲ i
figi 
	fʲ i ɡʲ i 
	fʲ i gʲ i
figi 
	fʲ i ɡʲ i 
	fʲ i gʲ i
figom 
	fʲ i ɡ ɔ m 
	fʲ i g ɔ m
figo 
	fʲ i ɡ ɔ 
	fʲ i g ɔ
figach 
	fʲ i ɡ a x 
	fʲ i g a x
figami 
	fʲ i ɡ a mʲ i 
	fʲ i g a mʲ i
figi 
	fʲ i ɡʲ i 
	fʲ i gʲ i
figi 
	fʲ i ɡʲ i 
	fʲ i gʲ i
figi 
	fʲ i ɡʲ i 
	fʲ i gʲ i
figom 
	fʲ i ɡ ɔ m 
	fʲ i g ɔ m
figura 
	fʲ i ɡ u r a 
	fʲ i g u r a
filmowanie 
	fʲ i l m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	fʲ i l m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
filmowanie 
	fʲ i l m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	fʲ i l m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
filmowanie 
	fʲ i l m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	fʲ i l m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
filmowiec 
	fʲ i l m ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	fʲ i l m ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
filologia 
	fʲ i l ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	fʲ i l ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
fiołek 
	fʲ ɔ w ɛ k 
	fʲ i ɔ w ɛ k
fiołek 
	fʲ ɔ w ɛ k 
	fʲ i ɔ w ɛ k
fiolet 
	fʲ ɔ l ɛ t 
	fʲ i ɔ l ɛ t
fiolet 
	fʲ ɔ l ɛ t 
	fʲ i ɔ l ɛ t
fioletowi 
	fʲ ɔ l ɛ t ɔ vʲ i 
	fʲ i ɔ l ɛ t ɔ vʲ i
fiord 
	fʲ ɔ r t 
	fʲ i ɔ r t
fiord 
	fʲ ɔ r t 
	fʲ i ɔ r t
firmę 
	fʲ i r m ɛ 
	fʲ i r m ɛ~
firmie 
	fʲ i r mʲ ɛ 
	fʲ i r mʲ i ɛ
firmie 
	fʲ i r mʲ ɛ 
	fʲ i r mʲ i ɛ
fitness 
	fʲ i t n ɛ s 
	fʲ i d n ɛ s s
fitness 
	fʲ i t n ɛ s 
	fʲ i d n ɛ s s
fitochemia 
	fʲ i t ɔ x ɛ mʲ a 
	fʲ i t ɔ x ɛ mʲ i a
fitopatologia 
	fʲ i t ɔ p a t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	fʲ i t ɔ p a t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
fiut 
	fʲ u t 
	fʲ i u t
fizjonomia 
	fʲ i z j ɔ n ɔ mʲ a 
	fʲ i z j ɔ n ɔ mʲ i a
fizjoterapeuta 
	fʲ i z j ɔ t ɛ r a p ɛ w t a 
	fʲ i z j ɔ t ɛ r a p ɛ u t a
fląder 
	f l ɔ n d ɛ r 
	v l ɔ̃ d ɛ r
flądra 
	f l ɔ n d r a 
	v l ɔ̃ t r a
flaga 
	f l a ɡ a 
	v l a g a
flaki 
	f l a kʲ i 
	v l a kʲ i
flaki 
	f l a kʲ i 
	v l a kʲ i
flaki 
	f l a kʲ i 
	v l a kʲ i
flak 
	f l a k 
	v l a k
flak 
	f l a k 
	v l a k
flaming 
	f l a mʲ i n k 
	v l a mʲ i n k
flauta 
	f l a w t a 
	v l a u t a
flecista 
	f l ɛ t͡ɕ i s t a 
	v l ɛ t͡sʲ i s t a
flet 
	f l ɛ t 
	v l ɛ t
flet 
	f l ɛ t 
	v l ɛ t
flirt 
	f lʲ i r t 
	v lʲ i r t
flirt 
	f lʲ i r t 
	v lʲ i r t
flota 
	f l ɔ t a 
	v l ɔ t a
flot 
	f l ɔ t 
	v l ɔ t
floty 
	f l ɔ t ɨ 
	v l ɔ t ɨ
floty 
	f l ɔ t ɨ 
	v l ɔ t ɨ
floty 
	f l ɔ t ɨ 
	v l ɔ t ɨ
floty 
	f l ɔ t ɨ 
	v l ɔ t ɨ
fluor 
	f l u ɔ r 
	v l u ɔ r
fluor 
	f l u ɔ r 
	v l u ɔ r
fobia 
	f ɔ bʲ a 
	f ɔ bʲ i a
fonologia 
	f ɔ n ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	f ɔ n ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
formułowanie 
	f ɔ r m u w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	f ɔ r m u w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
formułowanie 
	f ɔ r m u w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	f ɔ r m u w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
formułowanie 
	f ɔ r m u w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	f ɔ r m u w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
fortepian 
	f ɔ r t ɛ pʲ a n 
	f ɔ r t ɛ pʲ i a n
fortepian 
	f ɔ r t ɛ pʲ a n 
	f ɔ r t ɛ pʲ i a n
fotograf 
	f ɔ t ɔ ɡ r a f 
	f ɔ t ɔ k r a f
fotografia 
	f ɔ t ɔ ɡ r a fʲ a 
	f ɔ t ɔ k r a fʲ i a
fragment 
	f r a ɡ m ɛ n t 
	f r a g m ɛ n t
fragment 
	f r a ɡ m ɛ n t 
	f r a g m ɛ n t
fregata 
	f r ɛ ɡ a t a 
	f r ɛ g a t a
fristajlowiec 
	f rʲ i s t a j l ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	f rʲ i s t a j l ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
frytkę 
	f r ɨ t k ɛ 
	f r ɨ t k ɛ~
ftyzjologia 
	f t ɨ z j ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	f t ɨ z j ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
fuga 
	f u ɡ a 
	f u g a
fuksja 
	f u k s j a 
	f u k z j a
funkcjonariusz 
	f u n k t͡s j ɔ n a rʲ j u ʂ 
	f u n k t͡s j ɔ n a rʲ i u ʂ
furę 
	f u r ɛ 
	f u r ɛ~
futrzak 
	f u t ʂ a k 
	f u t ʐ a k
fuzarioza 
	f u z a rʲ j ɔ z a 
	f u z a rʲ i ɔ z a
gabinet 
	ɡ a bʲ i n ɛ t 
	g a bʲ i n ɛ t
gabinet 
	ɡ a bʲ i n ɛ t 
	g a bʲ i n ɛ t
gąbce 
	ɡ ɔ m p t͡s ɛ 
	g ɔ̃ p t͡s ɛ
gąbce 
	ɡ ɔ m p t͡s ɛ 
	g ɔ̃ p t͡s ɛ
gąbek 
	ɡ ɔ m b ɛ k 
	g ɔ̃ b ɛ k
gąbkach 
	ɡ ɔ m p k a x 
	g ɔ̃ p k a x
gąbkami 
	ɡ ɔ m p k a mʲ i 
	g ɔ̃ p k a mʲ i
gąbką 
	ɡ ɔ m p k ɔ̃ 
	g ɔ̃ p k ɔ̃
gąbka 
	ɡ ɔ m p k a 
	g ɔ̃ p k a
gąbkę 
	ɡ ɔ m p k ɛ 
	g ɔ̃ p k ɛ~
gąbki 
	ɡ ɔ m p kʲ i 
	g ɔ̃ p kʲ i
gąbki 
	ɡ ɔ m p kʲ i 
	g ɔ̃ p kʲ i
gąbki 
	ɡ ɔ m p kʲ i 
	g ɔ̃ p kʲ i
gąbki 
	ɡ ɔ m p kʲ i 
	g ɔ̃ p kʲ i
gąbkom 
	ɡ ɔ m p k ɔ m 
	g ɔ̃ p k ɔ m
gąbko 
	ɡ ɔ m p k ɔ 
	g ɔ̃ p k ɔ
gadach 
	ɡ a d a x 
	g a d a x
gadami 
	ɡ a d a mʲ i 
	g a d a mʲ i
gada 
	ɡ a d a 
	g a d a
gada 
	ɡ a d a 
	g a d a
gadem 
	ɡ a d ɛ m 
	g a d ɛ m
gad 
	ɡ a t 
	g a t
gadom 
	ɡ a d ɔ m 
	g a d ɔ m
gadowi 
	ɡ a d ɔ vʲ i 
	g a d ɔ vʲ i
gadów 
	ɡ a d u f 
	g a d u v
gady 
	ɡ a d ɨ 
	g a d ɨ
gady 
	ɡ a d ɨ 
	g a d ɨ
gady 
	ɡ a d ɨ 
	g a d ɨ
gadzie 
	ɡ a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	g a d ʑ i ɛ
gadzie 
	ɡ a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	g a d ʑ i ɛ
gadolin 
	ɡ a d ɔ lʲ i n 
	g a d ɔ lʲ i n
gadolin 
	ɡ a d ɔ lʲ i n 
	g a d ɔ lʲ i n
gadożer 
	ɡ a d ɔ ʐ ɛ r 
	g a d ɔ ʐ ɛ r
gadzinówka 
	ɡ a d͡ʑ i n u f k a 
	g a d ʑ i n u v k a
gaje 
	ɡ a j ɛ 
	g a j ɛ
gaje 
	ɡ a j ɛ 
	g a j ɛ
gaje 
	ɡ a j ɛ 
	g a j ɛ
gaj 
	ɡ a j 
	g a j
gaj 
	ɡ a j 
	g a j
gajowy 
	ɡ a j ɔ v ɨ 
	g a j ɔ v ɨ
gajowy 
	ɡ a j ɔ v ɨ 
	g a j ɔ v ɨ
galach 
	ɡ a l a x 
	g a l a x
gałach 
	ɡ a w a x 
	g a w a x
galą 
	ɡ a l ɔ̃ 
	g a l ɔ̃
gałą 
	ɡ a w ɔ̃ 
	g a w ɔ̃
gala 
	ɡ a l a 
	g a l a
gała 
	ɡ a w a 
	g a w a
gale 
	ɡ a l ɛ 
	g a l ɛ
galę 
	ɡ a l ɛ 
	g a l ɛ~
gałę 
	ɡ a w ɛ 
	g a w ɛ~
gale 
	ɡ a l ɛ 
	g a l ɛ
gale 
	ɡ a l ɛ 
	g a l ɛ
gale 
	ɡ a l ɛ 
	g a l ɛ
gale 
	ɡ a l ɛ 
	g a l ɛ
gali 
	ɡ a lʲ i 
	g a lʲ i
gali 
	ɡ a lʲ i 
	g a lʲ i
gali 
	ɡ a lʲ i 
	g a lʲ i
gal 
	ɡ a l 
	g a l
gał 
	ɡ a w 
	g a w
galo 
	ɡ a l ɔ 
	g a l ɔ
galaktoza 
	ɡ a l a k t ɔ z a 
	g a l a k t ɔ z a
galaktyka 
	ɡ a l a k t ɨ k a 
	g a l a k t ɨ k a
gałąź 
	ɡ a w ɔ̃ ɕ 
	g a w ɔ̃ ɕ
gałąź 
	ɡ a w ɔ̃ ɕ 
	g a w ɔ̃ ɕ
gałęziach 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ a x 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i a x
gałęziami 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ a mʲ i 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i a mʲ i
gałęzią 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ ɔ̃ 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i ɔ̃
gałęzie 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i ɛ
gałęzie 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i ɛ
gałęzie 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i ɛ
gałęzi 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ i 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i
gałęzi 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ i 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i
gałęzi 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ i 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i
gałęzi 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ i 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i
gałęzi 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ i 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i
gałęziom 
	ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ ɔ m 
	g a w ɛ~ʑ i ɔ m
gałązka 
	ɡ a w ɔ̃ s k a 
	g a w ɔ̃ s k a
galeon 
	ɡ a l ɛ ɔ n 
	g a l ɛ ɔ n
galeon 
	ɡ a l ɛ ɔ n 
	g a l ɛ ɔ n
galernik 
	ɡ a l ɛ r ɲ i k 
	g a l ɛ r ɲ i k
gałce 
	ɡ a w t͡s ɛ 
	g a w t͡s ɛ
gałce 
	ɡ a w t͡s ɛ 
	g a w t͡s ɛ
gałek 
	ɡ a w ɛ k 
	g a w ɛ k
gałką 
	ɡ a w k ɔ̃ 
	g a w k ɔ̃
gałka 
	ɡ a w k a 
	g a w k a
gałkę 
	ɡ a w k ɛ 
	g a w k ɛ~
gałki 
	ɡ a w kʲ i 
	g a w kʲ i
gałki 
	ɡ a w kʲ i 
	g a w kʲ i
gałki 
	ɡ a w kʲ i 
	g a w kʲ i
gałki 
	ɡ a w kʲ i 
	g a w kʲ i
gałko 
	ɡ a w k ɔ 
	g a w k ɔ
galopowanie 
	ɡ a l ɔ p ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g a l ɔ p ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
galopowanie 
	ɡ a l ɔ p ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g a l ɔ p ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
galopowanie 
	ɡ a l ɔ p ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g a l ɔ p ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
gamajda 
	ɡ a m a j d a 
	g a m a j d a
gamepad 
	ɡ ɛ j m p a t 
	g a m ɛ p a t
gamepad 
	ɡ ɛ j m p a t 
	g a m ɛ p a t
gamoń 
	ɡ a m ɔ ɲ 
	g a m ɔ ɲ
ganek 
	ɡ a n ɛ k 
	g a n ɛ k
ganek 
	ɡ a n ɛ k 
	g a n ɛ k
gapiach 
	ɡ a pʲ a x 
	g a pʲ i a x
gapiami 
	ɡ a pʲ a mʲ i 
	g a pʲ i a mʲ i
gapia 
	ɡ a pʲ a 
	g a pʲ i a
gapia 
	ɡ a pʲ a 
	g a pʲ i a
gapiem 
	ɡ a pʲ ɛ m 
	g a pʲ i ɛ m
gapie 
	ɡ a pʲ ɛ 
	g a pʲ i ɛ
gapie 
	ɡ a pʲ ɛ 
	g a pʲ i ɛ
gapiom 
	ɡ a pʲ ɔ m 
	g a pʲ i ɔ m
gapiowi 
	ɡ a pʲ ɔ vʲ i 
	g a pʲ i ɔ vʲ i
gapiów 
	ɡ a pʲ u f 
	g a pʲ i u v
gapiów 
	ɡ a pʲ u f 
	g a pʲ i u v
gapiu 
	ɡ a pʲ u 
	g a pʲ i u
gapiu 
	ɡ a pʲ u 
	g a pʲ i u
gap 
	ɡ a p 
	g a p
garaż 
	ɡ a r a ʂ 
	g a r a ʂ
garaż 
	ɡ a r a ʂ 
	g a r a ʂ
garażu 
	ɡ a r a ʐ u 
	g a r a ʐ u
garażu 
	ɡ a r a ʐ u 
	g a r a ʐ u
garażu 
	ɡ a r a ʐ u 
	g a r a ʐ u
garbarz 
	ɡ a r b a ʂ 
	g a r b a ʂ
garbach 
	ɡ a r b a x 
	g a r b a x
garbami 
	ɡ a r b a mʲ i 
	g a r b a mʲ i
garbem 
	ɡ a r b ɛ m 
	g a r b ɛ m
garbie 
	ɡ a r bʲ ɛ 
	g a r bʲ i ɛ
garbie 
	ɡ a r bʲ ɛ 
	g a r bʲ i ɛ
garb 
	ɡ a r p 
	g a r p
garb 
	ɡ a r p 
	g a r p
garbom 
	ɡ a r b ɔ m 
	g a r b ɔ m
garbowi 
	ɡ a r b ɔ vʲ i 
	g a r b ɔ vʲ i
garbów 
	ɡ a r b u f 
	g a r b u v
garby 
	ɡ a r b ɨ 
	g a r b ɨ
garby 
	ɡ a r b ɨ 
	g a r b ɨ
garby 
	ɡ a r b ɨ 
	g a r b ɨ
garbowanie 
	ɡ a r b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g a r b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
garbowanie 
	ɡ a r b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g a r b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
garbowanie 
	ɡ a r b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g a r b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
garderoba 
	ɡ a r d ɛ r ɔ b a 
	g a r d ɛ r ɔ b a
gardeł 
	ɡ a r d ɛ w 
	g a r d ɛ w
gardłach 
	ɡ a r d w a x 
	g a r d w a x
gardłami 
	ɡ a r d w a mʲ i 
	g a r d w a mʲ i
gardła 
	ɡ a r d w a 
	g a r d w a
gardła 
	ɡ a r d w a 
	g a r d w a
gardła 
	ɡ a r d w a 
	g a r d w a
gardła 
	ɡ a r d w a 
	g a r d w a
gardłem 
	ɡ a r d w ɛ m 
	g a r d w ɛ m
gardle 
	ɡ a r d l ɛ 
	g a r d l ɛ
gardłom 
	ɡ a r d w ɔ m 
	g a r d w ɔ m
gardło 
	ɡ a r d w ɔ 
	g a r d w ɔ
gardło 
	ɡ a r d w ɔ 
	g a r d w ɔ
gardło 
	ɡ a r d w ɔ 
	g a r d w ɔ
gardłu 
	ɡ a r d w u 
	g a r d w u
gardziel 
	ɡ a r d͡ʑ ɛ l 
	g a r d ʑ i ɛ l
gardziel 
	ɡ a r d͡ʑ ɛ l 
	g a r d ʑ i ɛ l
gargulec 
	ɡ a r ɡ u l ɛ t͡s 
	g a r g u l ɛ t͡s
gargulec 
	ɡ a r ɡ u l ɛ t͡s 
	g a r g u l ɛ t͡s
garncarz 
	ɡ a r n t͡s a ʂ 
	g a r n t͡s a ʂ
garnek 
	ɡ a r n ɛ k 
	g a r n ɛ k
garnek 
	ɡ a r n ɛ k 
	g a r n ɛ k
garnitur 
	ɡ a r ɲ i t u r 
	g a r ɲ i t u r
garnitur 
	ɡ a r ɲ i t u r 
	g a r ɲ i t u r
garnuszek 
	ɡ a r n u ʂ ɛ k 
	g a r n u ʂ ɛ k
garnuszek 
	ɡ a r n u ʂ ɛ k 
	g a r n u ʂ ɛ k
garści 
	ɡ a r ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	g a r ɕ t͡sʲ i
garści 
	ɡ a r ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	g a r ɕ t͡sʲ i
garści 
	ɡ a r ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	g a r ɕ t͡sʲ i
garści 
	ɡ a r ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	g a r ɕ t͡sʲ i
garści 
	ɡ a r ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	g a r ɕ t͡sʲ i
garść 
	ɡ a r ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g a r ɕ t͡ʂ
garść 
	ɡ a r ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g a r ɕ t͡ʂ
garstka 
	ɡ a r s t k a 
	g a r s t k a
gąsienica 
	ɡ ɔ̃ ɕ ɛ ɲ i t͡s a 
	g ɔ̃ ɕ i ɛ ɲ i t͡s a
gąsiorek 
	ɡ ɔ̃ ɕ ɔ r ɛ k 
	g ɔ̃ ɕ i ɔ r ɛ k
gąska 
	ɡ ɔ̃ s k a 
	g ɔ̃ s k a
gaśnica 
	ɡ a ɕ ɲ i t͡s a 
	g a ʑ ɲ i t͡s a
gastrofaza 
	ɡ a s t r ɔ f a z a 
	g a s t r ɔ f a z a
gatunek 
	ɡ a t u n ɛ k 
	g a t u n ɛ k
gatunek 
	ɡ a t u n ɛ k 
	g a t u n ɛ k
gawronach 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n a x 
	g a v r ɔ n a x
gawronami 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n a mʲ i 
	g a v r ɔ n a mʲ i
gawrona 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n a 
	g a v r ɔ n a
gawrona 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n a 
	g a v r ɔ n a
gawronem 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n ɛ m 
	g a v r ɔ n ɛ m
gawronie 
	ɡ a v r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	g a v r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
gawronie 
	ɡ a v r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	g a v r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
gawron 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n 
	g a v r ɔ n
gawronom 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n ɔ m 
	g a v r ɔ n ɔ m
gawronowi 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n ɔ vʲ i 
	g a v r ɔ n ɔ vʲ i
gawronów 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n u f 
	g a v r ɔ n u v
gawrony 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n ɨ 
	g a v r ɔ n ɨ
gawrony 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n ɨ 
	g a v r ɔ n ɨ
gawrony 
	ɡ a v r ɔ n ɨ 
	g a v r ɔ n ɨ
gazela 
	ɡ a z ɛ l a 
	g a z ɛ l a
gazeta 
	ɡ a z ɛ t a 
	g a z ɛ t a
gaz 
	ɡ a s 
	g a s
gaz 
	ɡ a s 
	g a s
gaźnik 
	ɡ a ʑ ɲ i k 
	g a ʑ ɲ i k
gaźnik 
	ɡ a ʑ ɲ i k 
	g a ʑ ɲ i k
gębach 
	ɡ ɛ m b a x 
	g ɛ~b a x
gębami 
	ɡ ɛ m b a mʲ i 
	g ɛ~b a mʲ i
gębą 
	ɡ ɛ m b ɔ̃ 
	g ɛ~b ɔ̃
gęba 
	ɡ ɛ m b a 
	g ɛ~b a
gębę 
	ɡ ɛ m b ɛ 
	g ɛ~b ɛ~
gębie 
	ɡ ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	g ɛ~bʲ i ɛ
gębie 
	ɡ ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	g ɛ~bʲ i ɛ
gęb 
	ɡ ɛ m p 
	g ɛ~p
gębom 
	ɡ ɛ m b ɔ m 
	g ɛ~b ɔ m
gębo 
	ɡ ɛ m b ɔ 
	g ɛ~b ɔ
gęby 
	ɡ ɛ m b ɨ 
	g ɛ~b ɨ
gęby 
	ɡ ɛ m b ɨ 
	g ɛ~b ɨ
gęby 
	ɡ ɛ m b ɨ 
	g ɛ~b ɨ
gęby 
	ɡ ɛ m b ɨ 
	g ɛ~b ɨ
gejem 
	ɡ ɛ j ɛ m 
	g ɛ j ɛ m
gej 
	ɡ ɛ j 
	g ɛ j
gejsza 
	ɡ ɛ j ʂ a 
	g ɛ j ʂ a
gekon 
	ɡ ɛ k ɔ n 
	g ɛ k ɔ n
generała 
	ɡ ɛ n ɛ r a w a 
	g ɛ n ɛ r a w a
generała 
	ɡ ɛ n ɛ r a w a 
	g ɛ n ɛ r a w a
generał 
	ɡ ɛ n ɛ r a w 
	g ɛ n ɛ r a w
gen 
	ɡ ɛ n 
	g ɛ n
gen 
	ɡ ɛ n 
	g ɛ n
geniuszem 
	ɡ ɛ ɲ u ʂ ɛ m 
	g ɛ ɲ i u ʂ ɛ m
geniusz 
	ɡ ɛ ɲ u ʂ 
	g ɛ ɲ i u ʂ
geodeta 
	ɡ ɛ ɔ d ɛ t a 
	g ɛ ɔ d ɛ t a
geofizyka 
	ɡ ɛ ɔ fʲ i z ɨ k a 
	g ɛ ɔ fʲ i z ɨ k a
geograf 
	ɡ ɛ ɔ ɡ r a f 
	g ɛ ɔ k r a f
geolog 
	ɡ ɛ ɔ l ɔ k 
	g ɛ ɔ l ɔ k
gepard 
	ɡ ɛ p a r t 
	g ɛ p a r t
german 
	ɡ ɛ r m a n 
	g ɛ r m a n
german 
	ɡ ɛ r m a n 
	g ɛ r m a n
gęsiach 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ a x 
	g ɛ~ɕ i a x
gęsią 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ ɔ̃ 
	g ɛ~ɕ i ɔ̃
gęsi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ i 
	g ɛ~ɕ i
gęsi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ i 
	g ɛ~ɕ i
gęsi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ i 
	g ɛ~ɕ i
gęsi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ i 
	g ɛ~ɕ i
gęsi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ i 
	g ɛ~ɕ i
gęsi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ i 
	g ɛ~ɕ i
gęsi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ i 
	g ɛ~ɕ i
gęsi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ i 
	g ɛ~ɕ i
gęsiom 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ ɔ m 
	g ɛ~ɕ i ɔ m
gęśmi 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ mʲ i 
	g ɛ~ʑ mʲ i
gęś 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ 
	g ɛ~ɕ
gęś 
	ɡ ɛ̃ ɕ 
	g ɛ~ɕ
gest 
	ɡ ɛ s t 
	g ɛ s t
gest 
	ɡ ɛ s t 
	g ɛ s t
gęstość 
	ɡ ɛ̃ s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g ɛ~s t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
gęstość 
	ɡ ɛ̃ s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g ɛ~s t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
gęstwa 
	ɡ ɛ̃ s t f a 
	g ɛ~s d v a
getry 
	ɡ ɛ t r ɨ 
	g ɛ t r ɨ
getry 
	ɡ ɛ t r ɨ 
	g ɛ t r ɨ
getry 
	ɡ ɛ t r ɨ 
	g ɛ t r ɨ
getto 
	ɡ ɛ t t ɔ 
	g ɛ t t ɔ
getto 
	ɡ ɛ t t ɔ 
	g ɛ t t ɔ
getto 
	ɡ ɛ t t ɔ 
	g ɛ t t ɔ
giez 
	ɡʲ ɛ s 
	gʲ i ɛ s
gzach 
	ɡ z a x 
	g z a x
gzami 
	ɡ z a mʲ i 
	g z a mʲ i
gza 
	ɡ z a 
	g z a
gza 
	ɡ z a 
	g z a
gzem 
	ɡ z ɛ m 
	g z ɛ m
gzie 
	ɡ ʑ ɛ 
	g ʑ i ɛ
gzie 
	ɡ ʑ ɛ 
	g ʑ i ɛ
gzom 
	ɡ z ɔ m 
	g z ɔ m
gzowi 
	ɡ z ɔ vʲ i 
	g z ɔ vʲ i
gzów 
	ɡ z u f 
	g z u v
gzy 
	ɡ z ɨ 
	g z ɨ
gzy 
	ɡ z ɨ 
	g z ɨ
gzy 
	ɡ z ɨ 
	g z ɨ
gigantomachia 
	ɡʲ i ɡ a n t ɔ m a xʲ j a 
	gʲ i g a n t ɔ m a xʲ i a
gigantyzm 
	ɡʲ i ɡ a n t ɨ z m 
	gʲ i g a n t ɨ z m
gigantyzm 
	ɡʲ i ɡ a n t ɨ z m 
	gʲ i g a n t ɨ z m
gilach 
	ɡʲ i l a x 
	gʲ i l a x
gilami 
	ɡʲ i l a mʲ i 
	gʲ i l a mʲ i
gila 
	ɡʲ i l a 
	gʲ i l a
gila 
	ɡʲ i l a 
	gʲ i l a
gilem 
	ɡʲ i l ɛ m 
	gʲ i l ɛ m
gile 
	ɡʲ i l ɛ 
	gʲ i l ɛ
gile 
	ɡʲ i l ɛ 
	gʲ i l ɛ
gile 
	ɡʲ i l ɛ 
	gʲ i l ɛ
gili 
	ɡʲ i lʲ i 
	gʲ i lʲ i
gil 
	ɡʲ i l 
	gʲ i l
gilom 
	ɡʲ i l ɔ m 
	gʲ i l ɔ m
gilowi 
	ɡʲ i l ɔ vʲ i 
	gʲ i l ɔ vʲ i
gilu 
	ɡʲ i l u 
	gʲ i l u
gilu 
	ɡʲ i l u 
	gʲ i l u
gilotyna 
	ɡʲ i l ɔ t ɨ n a 
	gʲ i l ɔ t ɨ n a
gimbaza 
	ɡʲ i m b a z a 
	gʲ i m b a z a
gimnazjum 
	ɡʲ i m n a z j u m 
	gʲ i m n a z j u m
gimnazjum 
	ɡʲ i m n a z j u m 
	gʲ i m n a z j u m
gimnazjum 
	ɡʲ i m n a z j u m 
	gʲ i m n a z j u m
gimnazjum 
	ɡʲ i m n a z j u m 
	gʲ i m n a z j u m
gimnazjum 
	ɡʲ i m n a z j u m 
	gʲ i m n a z j u m
gimnazjum 
	ɡʲ i m n a z j u m 
	gʲ i m n a z j u m
gimnazjum 
	ɡʲ i m n a z j u m 
	gʲ i m n a z j u m
ginekolog 
	ɡʲ i n ɛ k ɔ l ɔ k 
	gʲ i n ɛ k ɔ l ɔ k
gitarach 
	ɡʲ i t a r a x 
	gʲ i t a r a x
gitarami 
	ɡʲ i t a r a mʲ i 
	gʲ i t a r a mʲ i
gitarą 
	ɡʲ i t a r ɔ̃ 
	gʲ i t a r ɔ̃
gitara 
	ɡʲ i t a r a 
	gʲ i t a r a
gitarę 
	ɡʲ i t a r ɛ 
	gʲ i t a r ɛ~
gitar 
	ɡʲ i t a r 
	gʲ i t a r
gitarom 
	ɡʲ i t a r ɔ m 
	gʲ i t a r ɔ m
gitaro 
	ɡʲ i t a r ɔ 
	gʲ i t a r ɔ
gitary 
	ɡʲ i t a r ɨ 
	gʲ i t a r ɨ
gitary 
	ɡʲ i t a r ɨ 
	gʲ i t a r ɨ
gitary 
	ɡʲ i t a r ɨ 
	gʲ i t a r ɨ
gitary 
	ɡʲ i t a r ɨ 
	gʲ i t a r ɨ
gitarze 
	ɡʲ i t a ʐ ɛ 
	gʲ i t a ʐ ɛ
gitarze 
	ɡʲ i t a ʐ ɛ 
	gʲ i t a ʐ ɛ
gitarzysta 
	ɡʲ i t a ʐ ɨ s t a 
	gʲ i t a ʐ ɨ s t a
głazach 
	ɡ w a z a x 
	g w a z a x
głazami 
	ɡ w a z a mʲ i 
	g w a z a mʲ i
głazem 
	ɡ w a z ɛ m 
	g w a z ɛ m
głazie 
	ɡ w a ʑ ɛ 
	g w a ʑ i ɛ
głazie 
	ɡ w a ʑ ɛ 
	g w a ʑ i ɛ
głaz 
	ɡ w a s 
	g w a s
głaz 
	ɡ w a s 
	g w a s
głazom 
	ɡ w a z ɔ m 
	g w a z ɔ m
głazowi 
	ɡ w a z ɔ vʲ i 
	g w a z ɔ vʲ i
głazów 
	ɡ w a z u f 
	g w a z u v
głazu 
	ɡ w a z u 
	g w a z u
głazy 
	ɡ w a z ɨ 
	g w a z ɨ
głazy 
	ɡ w a z ɨ 
	g w a z ɨ
głazy 
	ɡ w a z ɨ 
	g w a z ɨ
glazura 
	ɡ l a z u r a 
	g l a z u r a
glebą 
	ɡ l ɛ b ɔ̃ 
	g l ɛ b ɔ̃
gleba 
	ɡ l ɛ b a 
	g l ɛ b a
glebę 
	ɡ l ɛ b ɛ 
	g l ɛ b ɛ~
glebie 
	ɡ l ɛ bʲ ɛ 
	g l ɛ bʲ i ɛ
glebie 
	ɡ l ɛ bʲ ɛ 
	g l ɛ bʲ i ɛ
gleb 
	ɡ l ɛ p 
	g l ɛ p
glebo 
	ɡ l ɛ b ɔ 
	g l ɛ b ɔ
gleby 
	ɡ l ɛ b ɨ 
	g l ɛ b ɨ
gleby 
	ɡ l ɛ b ɨ 
	g l ɛ b ɨ
gleby 
	ɡ l ɛ b ɨ 
	g l ɛ b ɨ
gleby 
	ɡ l ɛ b ɨ 
	g l ɛ b ɨ
glicyna 
	ɡ lʲ i t͡s ɨ n a 
	g lʲ i t͡s ɨ n a
glinach 
	ɡ lʲ i n a x 
	g lʲ i n a x
glinami 
	ɡ lʲ i n a mʲ i 
	g lʲ i n a mʲ i
gliną 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɔ̃ 
	g lʲ i n ɔ̃
glina 
	ɡ lʲ i n a 
	g lʲ i n a
glinę 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɛ 
	g lʲ i n ɛ~
glinie 
	ɡ lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	g lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
glinie 
	ɡ lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	g lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
glin 
	ɡ lʲ i n 
	g lʲ i n
glinom 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɔ m 
	g lʲ i n ɔ m
glino 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɔ 
	g lʲ i n ɔ
gliny 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɨ 
	g lʲ i n ɨ
gliny 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɨ 
	g lʲ i n ɨ
gliny 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɨ 
	g lʲ i n ɨ
gliny 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɨ 
	g lʲ i n ɨ
glinem 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɛ m 
	g lʲ i n ɛ m
glinie 
	ɡ lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	g lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
glinie 
	ɡ lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	g lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
glin 
	ɡ lʲ i n 
	g lʲ i n
glin 
	ɡ lʲ i n 
	g lʲ i n
glinowi 
	ɡ lʲ i n ɔ vʲ i 
	g lʲ i n ɔ vʲ i
glinu 
	ɡ lʲ i n u 
	g lʲ i n u
gliniarz 
	ɡ lʲ i ɲ a ʂ 
	g lʲ i ɲ i a ʂ
gliście 
	ɡ lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
gliście 
	ɡ lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
glistą 
	ɡ lʲ i s t ɔ̃ 
	g lʲ i s t ɔ̃
glista 
	ɡ lʲ i s t a 
	g lʲ i s t a
glistę 
	ɡ lʲ i s t ɛ 
	g lʲ i s t ɛ~
glist 
	ɡ lʲ i s t 
	g lʲ i s t
glistom 
	ɡ lʲ i s t ɔ m 
	g lʲ i s t ɔ m
glisto 
	ɡ lʲ i s t ɔ 
	g lʲ i s t ɔ
glisty 
	ɡ lʲ i s t ɨ 
	g lʲ i s t ɨ
glisty 
	ɡ lʲ i s t ɨ 
	g lʲ i s t ɨ
glisty 
	ɡ lʲ i s t ɨ 
	g lʲ i s t ɨ
glisty 
	ɡ lʲ i s t ɨ 
	g lʲ i s t ɨ
globus 
	ɡ l ɔ b u s 
	g l ɔ b u s
globus 
	ɡ l ɔ b u s 
	g l ɔ b u s
głodem 
	ɡ w ɔ d ɛ m 
	g w ɔ d ɛ m
głód 
	ɡ w u t 
	g w u t
głód 
	ɡ w u t 
	g w u t
głodowi 
	ɡ w ɔ d ɔ vʲ i 
	g w ɔ d ɔ vʲ i
głodu 
	ɡ w ɔ d u 
	g w ɔ d u
głodzie 
	ɡ w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	g w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
głodzie 
	ɡ w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	g w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
głodówka 
	ɡ w ɔ d u f k a 
	g w ɔ d u v k a
głogiem 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	g w ɔ gʲ i ɛ m
głogi 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡʲ i 
	g w ɔ gʲ i
głogi 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡʲ i 
	g w ɔ gʲ i
głogi 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡʲ i 
	g w ɔ gʲ i
głóg 
	ɡ w u k 
	g w u k
głóg 
	ɡ w u k 
	g w u k
głogom 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	g w ɔ g ɔ m
głogowi 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	g w ɔ g ɔ vʲ i
głogów 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡ u f 
	g w ɔ g u v
głogu 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡ u 
	g w ɔ g u
głogu 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡ u 
	g w ɔ g u
głogu 
	ɡ w ɔ ɡ u 
	g w ɔ g u
glonach 
	ɡ l ɔ n a x 
	g l ɔ n a x
glonami 
	ɡ l ɔ n a mʲ i 
	g l ɔ n a mʲ i
glonem 
	ɡ l ɔ n ɛ m 
	g l ɔ n ɛ m
glonie 
	ɡ l ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	g l ɔ ɲ i ɛ
glonie 
	ɡ l ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	g l ɔ ɲ i ɛ
glon 
	ɡ l ɔ n 
	g l ɔ n
glon 
	ɡ l ɔ n 
	g l ɔ n
glonom 
	ɡ l ɔ n ɔ m 
	g l ɔ n ɔ m
glonowi 
	ɡ l ɔ n ɔ vʲ i 
	g l ɔ n ɔ vʲ i
glonów 
	ɡ l ɔ n u f 
	g l ɔ n u v
glonu 
	ɡ l ɔ n u 
	g l ɔ n u
glony 
	ɡ l ɔ n ɨ 
	g l ɔ n ɨ
glony 
	ɡ l ɔ n ɨ 
	g l ɔ n ɨ
glony 
	ɡ l ɔ n ɨ 
	g l ɔ n ɨ
głosach 
	ɡ w ɔ s a x 
	g w ɔ s a x
głosami 
	ɡ w ɔ s a mʲ i 
	g w ɔ s a mʲ i
głosem 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɛ m 
	g w ɔ s ɛ m
głosie 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	g w ɔ ɕ i ɛ
głosie 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	g w ɔ ɕ i ɛ
głos 
	ɡ w ɔ s 
	g w ɔ s
głos 
	ɡ w ɔ s 
	g w ɔ s
głosom 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɔ m 
	g w ɔ s ɔ m
głosowi 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɔ vʲ i 
	g w ɔ s ɔ vʲ i
głosów 
	ɡ w ɔ s u f 
	g w ɔ s u v
głosu 
	ɡ w ɔ s u 
	g w ɔ s u
głosy 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɨ 
	g w ɔ s ɨ
głosy 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɨ 
	g w ɔ s ɨ
głosy 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɨ 
	g w ɔ s ɨ
głoską 
	ɡ w ɔ s k ɔ̃ 
	g w ɔ s k ɔ̃
głoska 
	ɡ w ɔ s k a 
	g w ɔ s k a
głośnia 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɲ a 
	g w ɔ ʑ ɲ i a
głośni 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɲ i 
	g w ɔ ʑ ɲ i
głośni 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɲ i 
	g w ɔ ʑ ɲ i
głośni 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɲ i 
	g w ɔ ʑ ɲ i
głośni 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɲ i 
	g w ɔ ʑ ɲ i
głośnik 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɲ i k 
	g w ɔ ʑ ɲ i k
głośnik 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ ɲ i k 
	g w ɔ ʑ ɲ i k
głośność 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g w ɔ ʑ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
głośność 
	ɡ w ɔ ɕ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g w ɔ ʑ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
głosowanie 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g w ɔ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
głosowanie 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g w ɔ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
głosowanie 
	ɡ w ɔ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	g w ɔ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
głową 
	ɡ w ɔ v ɔ̃ 
	g w ɔ v ɔ̃
głowa 
	ɡ w ɔ v a 
	g w ɔ v a
głowę 
	ɡ w ɔ v ɛ 
	g w ɔ v ɛ~
głowie 
	ɡ w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	g w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
głowie 
	ɡ w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	g w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
głów 
	ɡ w u f 
	g w u v
głowy 
	ɡ w ɔ v ɨ 
	g w ɔ v ɨ
głowy 
	ɡ w ɔ v ɨ 
	g w ɔ v ɨ
głowy 
	ɡ w ɔ v ɨ 
	g w ɔ v ɨ
głowy 
	ɡ w ɔ v ɨ 
	g w ɔ v ɨ
głowica 
	ɡ w ɔ vʲ i t͡s a 
	g w ɔ vʲ i t͡s a
główka 
	ɡ w u f k a 
	g w u v k a
gluon 
	ɡ l u ɔ n 
	g l u ɔ n
gluon 
	ɡ l u ɔ n 
	g l u ɔ n
głupek 
	ɡ w u p ɛ k 
	g w u p ɛ k
głupiec 
	ɡ w u pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	g w u pʲ i ɛ t͡s
głupota 
	ɡ w u p ɔ t a 
	g w u p ɔ t a
głuptak 
	ɡ w u p t a k 
	g w u p t a k
głuptas 
	ɡ w u p t a s 
	g w u p t a s
głuszec 
	ɡ w u ʂ ɛ t͡s 
	g w u ʂ ɛ t͡s
glutamina 
	ɡ l u t a mʲ i n a 
	g l u t a mʲ i n a
glut 
	ɡ l u t 
	g l u t
glut 
	ɡ l u t 
	g l u t
gmach 
	ɡ m a x 
	g m a x
gmach 
	ɡ m a x 
	g m a x
gmina 
	ɡ mʲ i n a 
	g mʲ i n a
gnacie 
	ɡ n a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g n a t͡sʲ i ɛ
gnacie 
	ɡ n a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g n a t͡sʲ i ɛ
gnatach 
	ɡ n a t a x 
	g n a t a x
gnatami 
	ɡ n a t a mʲ i 
	g n a t a mʲ i
gnata 
	ɡ n a t a 
	g n a t a
gnata 
	ɡ n a t a 
	g n a t a
gnatem 
	ɡ n a t ɛ m 
	g n a t ɛ m
gnat 
	ɡ n a t 
	g n a t
gnatom 
	ɡ n a t ɔ m 
	g n a t ɔ m
gnatowi 
	ɡ n a t ɔ vʲ i 
	g n a t ɔ vʲ i
gnatów 
	ɡ n a t u f 
	g n a t u v
gnaty 
	ɡ n a t ɨ 
	g n a t ɨ
gnaty 
	ɡ n a t ɨ 
	g n a t ɨ
gnaty 
	ɡ n a t ɨ 
	g n a t ɨ
gniazdko 
	ɡ ɲ a s t k ɔ 
	g ɲ i a z t k ɔ
gniazdko 
	ɡ ɲ a s t k ɔ 
	g ɲ i a z t k ɔ
gniazdko 
	ɡ ɲ a s t k ɔ 
	g ɲ i a z t k ɔ
gniazdo 
	ɡ ɲ a z d ɔ 
	g ɲ i a z d ɔ
gniazdo 
	ɡ ɲ a z d ɔ 
	g ɲ i a z d ɔ
gniazdo 
	ɡ ɲ a z d ɔ 
	g ɲ i a z d ɔ
gnidach 
	ɡ ɲ i d a x 
	g ɲ i d a x
gnidami 
	ɡ ɲ i d a mʲ i 
	g ɲ i d a mʲ i
gnidą 
	ɡ ɲ i d ɔ̃ 
	g ɲ i d ɔ̃
gnida 
	ɡ ɲ i d a 
	g ɲ i d a
gnidę 
	ɡ ɲ i d ɛ 
	g ɲ i d ɛ~
gnid 
	ɡ ɲ i t 
	g ɲ i t
gnidom 
	ɡ ɲ i d ɔ m 
	g ɲ i d ɔ m
gnido 
	ɡ ɲ i d ɔ 
	g ɲ i d ɔ
gnidy 
	ɡ ɲ i d ɨ 
	g ɲ i d ɨ
gnidy 
	ɡ ɲ i d ɨ 
	g ɲ i d ɨ
gnidy 
	ɡ ɲ i d ɨ 
	g ɲ i d ɨ
gnidy 
	ɡ ɲ i d ɨ 
	g ɲ i d ɨ
gnidzie 
	ɡ ɲ i d͡ʑ ɛ 
	g ɲ i d ʑ i ɛ
gnidzie 
	ɡ ɲ i d͡ʑ ɛ 
	g ɲ i d ʑ i ɛ
gnojach 
	ɡ n ɔ j a x 
	g n ɔ j a x
gnojami 
	ɡ n ɔ j a mʲ i 
	g n ɔ j a mʲ i
gnojem 
	ɡ n ɔ j ɛ m 
	g n ɔ j ɛ m
gnoje 
	ɡ n ɔ j ɛ 
	g n ɔ j ɛ
gnoje 
	ɡ n ɔ j ɛ 
	g n ɔ j ɛ
gnoje 
	ɡ n ɔ j ɛ 
	g n ɔ j ɛ
gnój 
	ɡ n u j 
	g n u j
gnój 
	ɡ n u j 
	g n u j
gnojowi 
	ɡ n ɔ j ɔ vʲ i 
	g n ɔ j ɔ vʲ i
gnojów 
	ɡ n ɔ j u f 
	g n ɔ j u v
gnoju 
	ɡ n ɔ j u 
	g n ɔ j u
gnoju 
	ɡ n ɔ j u 
	g n ɔ j u
gnoju 
	ɡ n ɔ j u 
	g n ɔ j u
godność 
	ɡ ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
godność 
	ɡ ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
godziną 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɔ̃ 
	g ɔ d ʑ i n ɔ̃
godzina 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n a 
	g ɔ d ʑ i n a
godzinę 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɛ 
	g ɔ d ʑ i n ɛ~
godzinie 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i ɲ ɛ 
	g ɔ d ʑ i ɲ i ɛ
godzinie 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i ɲ ɛ 
	g ɔ d ʑ i ɲ i ɛ
godzin 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n 
	g ɔ d ʑ i n
godziny 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɨ 
	g ɔ d ʑ i n ɨ
godziny 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɨ 
	g ɔ d ʑ i n ɨ
godziny 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɨ 
	g ɔ d ʑ i n ɨ
godziny 
	ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɨ 
	g ɔ d ʑ i n ɨ
gołąbek 
	ɡ ɔ w ɔ m b ɛ k 
	g ɔ w ɔ̃ b ɛ k
gołąbek 
	ɡ ɔ w ɔ m b ɛ k 
	g ɔ w ɔ̃ b ɛ k
gołąbka 
	ɡ ɔ w ɔ m p k a 
	g ɔ w ɔ̃ p k a
gołąbki 
	ɡ ɔ w ɔ m p kʲ i 
	g ɔ w ɔ̃ p kʲ i
gołąbki 
	ɡ ɔ w ɔ m p kʲ i 
	g ɔ w ɔ̃ p kʲ i
gołąbki 
	ɡ ɔ w ɔ m p kʲ i 
	g ɔ w ɔ̃ p kʲ i
golarka 
	ɡ ɔ l a r k a 
	g ɔ l a r k a
gołębię 
	ɡ ɔ w ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	g ɔ w ɛ~bʲ i ɛ~
gołębię 
	ɡ ɔ w ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	g ɔ w ɛ~bʲ i ɛ~
gołębię 
	ɡ ɔ w ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	g ɔ w ɛ~bʲ i ɛ~
golenia 
	ɡ ɔ l ɛ ɲ a 
	g ɔ l ɛ ɲ i a
goleniem 
	ɡ ɔ l ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	g ɔ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
goleniu 
	ɡ ɔ l ɛ ɲ u 
	g ɔ l ɛ ɲ i u
goleniu 
	ɡ ɔ l ɛ ɲ u 
	g ɔ l ɛ ɲ i u
golfista 
	ɡ ɔ l fʲ i s t a 
	g ɔ l fʲ i s t a
golfistka 
	ɡ ɔ l fʲ i s t k a 
	g ɔ l fʲ i s t k a
golach 
	ɡ ɔ l a x 
	g ɔ l a x
golami 
	ɡ ɔ l a mʲ i 
	g ɔ l a mʲ i
gola 
	ɡ ɔ l a 
	g ɔ l a
gola 
	ɡ ɔ l a 
	g ɔ l a
golem 
	ɡ ɔ l ɛ m 
	g ɔ l ɛ m
gole 
	ɡ ɔ l ɛ 
	g ɔ l ɛ
gole 
	ɡ ɔ l ɛ 
	g ɔ l ɛ
gole 
	ɡ ɔ l ɛ 
	g ɔ l ɛ
goli 
	ɡ ɔ lʲ i 
	g ɔ lʲ i
gol 
	ɡ ɔ l 
	g ɔ l
golom 
	ɡ ɔ l ɔ m 
	g ɔ l ɔ m
golu 
	ɡ ɔ l u 
	g ɔ l u
golu 
	ɡ ɔ l u 
	g ɔ l u
gołoledź 
	ɡ ɔ w ɔ l ɛ t͡ɕ 
	g ɔ w ɔ l ɛ t ɕ
gołoledź 
	ɡ ɔ w ɔ l ɛ t͡ɕ 
	g ɔ w ɔ l ɛ t ɕ
golonka 
	ɡ ɔ l ɔ n k a 
	g ɔ l ɔ n k a
gorączka 
	ɡ ɔ r ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	g ɔ r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
górach 
	ɡ u r a x 
	g u r a x
górami 
	ɡ u r a mʲ i 
	g u r a mʲ i
górą 
	ɡ u r ɔ̃ 
	g u r ɔ̃
góra 
	ɡ u r a 
	g u r a
górę 
	ɡ u r ɛ 
	g u r ɛ~
gór 
	ɡ u r 
	g u r
górom 
	ɡ u r ɔ m 
	g u r ɔ m
góry 
	ɡ u r ɨ 
	g u r ɨ
góry 
	ɡ u r ɨ 
	g u r ɨ
góry 
	ɡ u r ɨ 
	g u r ɨ
góry 
	ɡ u r ɨ 
	g u r ɨ
górze 
	ɡ u ʐ ɛ 
	g u ʐ ɛ
górze 
	ɡ u ʐ ɛ 
	g u ʐ ɛ
gorczyca 
	ɡ ɔ r t͡ʂ ɨ t͡s a 
	g ɔ r t͡ʂ ɨ t͡s a
górnictwo 
	ɡ u r ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	g u r ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
górnictwo 
	ɡ u r ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	g u r ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
górnictwo 
	ɡ u r ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	g u r ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
górnik 
	ɡ u r ɲ i k 
	g u r ɲ i k
goryczka 
	ɡ ɔ r ɨ t͡ʂ k a 
	g ɔ r ɨ t͡ʂ k a
gorzałka 
	ɡ ɔ ʐ a w k a 
	g ɔ ʐ a w k a
gorzelnia 
	ɡ ɔ ʐ ɛ l ɲ a 
	g ɔ ʐ ɛ l ɲ i a
gościa 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a
gościa 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a
gościem 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ m
goście 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
goście 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
gości 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
gości 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
gościowi 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ vʲ i 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ vʲ i
gościu 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ u 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i u
gościu 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ u 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i u
gościniec 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɲ i ɛ t͡s
gościniec 
	ɡ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	g ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɲ i ɛ t͡s
gospodarka 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d a r k a 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d a r k a
gospodarstwo 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d a r s t f ɔ 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d a r s d v ɔ
gospodarstwo 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d a r s t f ɔ 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d a r s d v ɔ
gospodarstwo 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d a r s t f ɔ 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d a r s d v ɔ
gospodarz 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d a ʂ 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d a ʂ
gospodyni 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i
gospodyni 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i
gospodyni 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i
gospodyni 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i
gospodyni 
	ɡ ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i 
	g ɔ s p ɔ d ɨ ɲ i
gówienko 
	ɡ u vʲ ɛ n k ɔ 
	g u vʲ i ɛ n k ɔ
gówienko 
	ɡ u vʲ ɛ n k ɔ 
	g u vʲ i ɛ n k ɔ
gówienko 
	ɡ u vʲ ɛ n k ɔ 
	g u vʲ i ɛ n k ɔ
gówniak 
	ɡ u v ɲ a k 
	g u v ɲ i a k
gówniarz 
	ɡ u v ɲ a ʂ 
	g u v ɲ i a ʂ
gównoburza 
	ɡ u v n ɔ b u ʐ a 
	g u v n ɔ b u ʐ a
gówno 
	ɡ u v n ɔ 
	g u v n ɔ
gówno 
	ɡ u v n ɔ 
	g u v n ɔ
gówno 
	ɡ u v n ɔ 
	g u v n ɔ
goździk 
	ɡ ɔ ʑ d͡ʑ i k 
	g ɔ ʑ d ʑ i k
grabarz 
	ɡ r a b a ʂ 
	k r a b a ʂ
grabach 
	ɡ r a b a x 
	k r a b a x
grabami 
	ɡ r a b a mʲ i 
	k r a b a mʲ i
grabem 
	ɡ r a b ɛ m 
	k r a b ɛ m
grabie 
	ɡ r a bʲ ɛ 
	k r a bʲ i ɛ
grabie 
	ɡ r a bʲ ɛ 
	k r a bʲ i ɛ
grab 
	ɡ r a p 
	k r a p
grab 
	ɡ r a p 
	k r a p
grabom 
	ɡ r a b ɔ m 
	k r a b ɔ m
grabowi 
	ɡ r a b ɔ vʲ i 
	k r a b ɔ vʲ i
grabów 
	ɡ r a b u f 
	k r a b u v
graby 
	ɡ r a b ɨ 
	k r a b ɨ
graby 
	ɡ r a b ɨ 
	k r a b ɨ
graby 
	ɡ r a b ɨ 
	k r a b ɨ
gracz 
	ɡ r a t͡ʂ 
	k r a t͡ʂ
graf 
	ɡ r a f 
	k r a f
graf 
	ɡ r a f 
	k r a f
grafika 
	ɡ r a fʲ i k a 
	k r a fʲ i k a
grafik 
	ɡ r a fʲ i k 
	k r a fʲ i k
grafoskop 
	ɡ r a f ɔ s k ɔ p 
	k r a f ɔ s k ɔ p
grafoskop 
	ɡ r a f ɔ s k ɔ p 
	k r a f ɔ s k ɔ p
gier 
	ɡʲ ɛ r 
	gʲ i ɛ r
grach 
	ɡ r a x 
	k r a x
grami 
	ɡ r a mʲ i 
	k r a mʲ i
grą 
	ɡ r ɔ̃ 
	k r ɔ̃
gra 
	ɡ r a 
	k r a
grę 
	ɡ r ɛ 
	k r ɛ~
grom 
	ɡ r ɔ m 
	k r ɔ m
gro 
	ɡ r ɔ 
	k r ɔ
gry 
	ɡ r ɨ 
	k r ɨ
gry 
	ɡ r ɨ 
	k r ɨ
gry 
	ɡ r ɨ 
	k r ɨ
gry 
	ɡ r ɨ 
	k r ɨ
grze 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɛ
grze 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɛ
graham 
	ɡ r a x a m 
	k r a x a m
graham 
	ɡ r a x a m 
	k r a x a m
grahamka 
	ɡ r a x a m k a 
	k r a x a m k a
gramatyka 
	ɡ r a m a t ɨ k a 
	k r a m a t ɨ k a
gramatyk 
	ɡ r a m a t ɨ k 
	k r a m a t ɨ k
gram 
	ɡ r a m 
	k r a m
gram 
	ɡ r a m 
	k r a m
gramy 
	ɡ r a m ɨ 
	k r a m ɨ
gramy 
	ɡ r a m ɨ 
	k r a m ɨ
gramy 
	ɡ r a m ɨ 
	k r a m ɨ
gramofon 
	ɡ r a m ɔ f ɔ n 
	k r a m ɔ f ɔ n
gramofon 
	ɡ r a m ɔ f ɔ n 
	k r a m ɔ f ɔ n
granatowiec 
	ɡ r a n a t ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k r a n a t ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
granatowiec 
	ɡ r a n a t ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k r a n a t ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
graniach 
	ɡ r a ɲ a x 
	k r a ɲ i a x
graniami 
	ɡ r a ɲ a mʲ i 
	k r a ɲ i a mʲ i
granią 
	ɡ r a ɲ ɔ̃ 
	k r a ɲ i ɔ̃
granie 
	ɡ r a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a ɲ i ɛ
granie 
	ɡ r a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a ɲ i ɛ
granie 
	ɡ r a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a ɲ i ɛ
grani 
	ɡ r a ɲ i 
	k r a ɲ i
grani 
	ɡ r a ɲ i 
	k r a ɲ i
grani 
	ɡ r a ɲ i 
	k r a ɲ i
grani 
	ɡ r a ɲ i 
	k r a ɲ i
grani 
	ɡ r a ɲ i 
	k r a ɲ i
graniom 
	ɡ r a ɲ ɔ m 
	k r a ɲ i ɔ m
grań 
	ɡ r a ɲ 
	k r a ɲ
grań 
	ɡ r a ɲ 
	k r a ɲ
graniastosłup 
	ɡ r a ɲ a s t ɔ s w u p 
	k r a ɲ i a s t ɔ s w u p
graniastosłup 
	ɡ r a ɲ a s t ɔ s w u p 
	k r a ɲ i a s t ɔ s w u p
granicach 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s a x 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s a x
granicami 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s a mʲ i 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s a mʲ i
granicą 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɔ̃ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɔ̃
granica 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s a 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s a
granice 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɛ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɛ
granicę 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɛ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɛ~
granice 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɛ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɛ
granice 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɛ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɛ
granic 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s
granico 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɔ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɔ
granicy 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɨ
granicy 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɨ
granicy 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	k r a ɲ i t͡s ɨ
granit 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t 
	k r a ɲ i t
granit 
	ɡ r a ɲ i t 
	k r a ɲ i t
gracie 
	ɡ r a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k r a t͡sʲ i ɛ
gracie 
	ɡ r a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k r a t͡sʲ i ɛ
grat 
	ɡ r a t 
	k r a t
graty 
	ɡ r a t ɨ 
	k r a t ɨ
graty 
	ɡ r a t ɨ 
	k r a t ɨ
graty 
	ɡ r a t ɨ 
	k r a t ɨ
grawerowanie 
	ɡ r a v ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a v ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
grawerowanie 
	ɡ r a v ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a v ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
grawerowanie 
	ɡ r a v ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a v ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
grawitacja 
	ɡ r a vʲ i t a t͡s j a 
	k r a vʲ i t a t͡s j a
grawiton 
	ɡ r a vʲ i t ɔ n 
	k r a vʲ i t ɔ n
grawiton 
	ɡ r a vʲ i t ɔ n 
	k r a vʲ i t ɔ n
grążel 
	ɡ r ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ l 
	k r ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ l
grążel 
	ɡ r ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ l 
	k r ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ l
grej 
	ɡ r ɛ j 
	k r ɛ j
grej 
	ɡ r ɛ j 
	k r ɛ j
grejpfrut 
	ɡ r ɛ j p f r u t 
	k r ɛ j p f r u t
grill 
	ɡ rʲ i l 
	k rʲ i l l
grill 
	ɡ rʲ i l 
	k rʲ i l l
grobach 
	ɡ r ɔ b a x 
	k r ɔ b a x
grobami 
	ɡ r ɔ b a mʲ i 
	k r ɔ b a mʲ i
grobem 
	ɡ r ɔ b ɛ m 
	k r ɔ b ɛ m
grobie 
	ɡ r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	k r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
grobie 
	ɡ r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	k r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
grobom 
	ɡ r ɔ b ɔ m 
	k r ɔ b ɔ m
grobowi 
	ɡ r ɔ b ɔ vʲ i 
	k r ɔ b ɔ vʲ i
grobów 
	ɡ r ɔ b u f 
	k r ɔ b u v
grobu 
	ɡ r ɔ b u 
	k r ɔ b u
groby 
	ɡ r ɔ b ɨ 
	k r ɔ b ɨ
groby 
	ɡ r ɔ b ɨ 
	k r ɔ b ɨ
groby 
	ɡ r ɔ b ɨ 
	k r ɔ b ɨ
grodach 
	ɡ r ɔ d a x 
	k r ɔ d a x
grodami 
	ɡ r ɔ d a mʲ i 
	k r ɔ d a mʲ i
grodem 
	ɡ r ɔ d ɛ m 
	k r ɔ d ɛ m
gród 
	ɡ r u t 
	k r u t
gród 
	ɡ r u t 
	k r u t
grodom 
	ɡ r ɔ d ɔ m 
	k r ɔ d ɔ m
grodowi 
	ɡ r ɔ d ɔ vʲ i 
	k r ɔ d ɔ vʲ i
grodu 
	ɡ r ɔ d u 
	k r ɔ d u
grodzie 
	ɡ r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	k r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
grodzie 
	ɡ r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	k r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
gromada 
	ɡ r ɔ m a d a 
	k r ɔ m a d a
grom 
	ɡ r ɔ m 
	k r ɔ m
grom 
	ɡ r ɔ m 
	k r ɔ m
gronami 
	ɡ r ɔ n a mʲ i 
	k r ɔ n a mʲ i
grona 
	ɡ r ɔ n a 
	k r ɔ n a
grona 
	ɡ r ɔ n a 
	k r ɔ n a
grona 
	ɡ r ɔ n a 
	k r ɔ n a
grona 
	ɡ r ɔ n a 
	k r ɔ n a
gronie 
	ɡ r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	k r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
gron 
	ɡ r ɔ n 
	k r ɔ n
gronom 
	ɡ r ɔ n ɔ m 
	k r ɔ n ɔ m
grono 
	ɡ r ɔ n ɔ 
	k r ɔ n ɔ
grono 
	ɡ r ɔ n ɔ 
	k r ɔ n ɔ
grono 
	ɡ r ɔ n ɔ 
	k r ɔ n ɔ
gronu 
	ɡ r ɔ n u 
	k r ɔ n u
gronostaj 
	ɡ r ɔ n ɔ s t a j 
	k r ɔ n ɔ s t a j
grosz 
	ɡ r ɔ ʂ 
	k r ɔ ʂ
grosz 
	ɡ r ɔ ʂ 
	k r ɔ ʂ
grocie 
	ɡ r ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k r ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
grocie 
	ɡ r ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k r ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
grotach 
	ɡ r ɔ t a x 
	k r ɔ t a x
grotami 
	ɡ r ɔ t a mʲ i 
	k r ɔ t a mʲ i
grota 
	ɡ r ɔ t a 
	k r ɔ t a
grot 
	ɡ r ɔ t 
	k r ɔ t
grotom 
	ɡ r ɔ t ɔ m 
	k r ɔ t ɔ m
groty 
	ɡ r ɔ t ɨ 
	k r ɔ t ɨ
groty 
	ɡ r ɔ t ɨ 
	k r ɔ t ɨ
groty 
	ɡ r ɔ t ɨ 
	k r ɔ t ɨ
groty 
	ɡ r ɔ t ɨ 
	k r ɔ t ɨ
grozą 
	ɡ r ɔ z ɔ̃ 
	k r ɔ z ɔ̃
groza 
	ɡ r ɔ z a 
	k r ɔ z a
grozę 
	ɡ r ɔ z ɛ 
	k r ɔ z ɛ~
grozie 
	ɡ r ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	k r ɔ ʑ i ɛ
grozie 
	ɡ r ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	k r ɔ ʑ i ɛ
grozo 
	ɡ r ɔ z ɔ 
	k r ɔ z ɔ
grozy 
	ɡ r ɔ z ɨ 
	k r ɔ z ɨ
grozy 
	ɡ r ɔ z ɨ 
	k r ɔ z ɨ
grozy 
	ɡ r ɔ z ɨ 
	k r ɔ z ɨ
grozy 
	ɡ r ɔ z ɨ 
	k r ɔ z ɨ
gruchą 
	ɡ r u x ɔ̃ 
	k r u x ɔ̃
grucha 
	ɡ r u x a 
	k r u x a
gruchom 
	ɡ r u x ɔ m 
	k r u x ɔ m
grucho 
	ɡ r u x ɔ 
	k r u x ɔ
gruchy 
	ɡ r u x ɨ 
	k r u x ɨ
gruchy 
	ɡ r u x ɨ 
	k r u x ɨ
gruchy 
	ɡ r u x ɨ 
	k r u x ɨ
gruchy 
	ɡ r u x ɨ 
	k r u x ɨ
grusze 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɛ 
	k r u ʂ ɛ
grusze 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɛ 
	k r u ʂ ɛ
gruchot 
	ɡ r u x ɔ t 
	k r u x ɔ t
gruczoł 
	ɡ r u t͡ʂ ɔ w 
	k r u t͡ʂ ɔ w
gruczoł 
	ɡ r u t͡ʂ ɔ w 
	k r u t͡ʂ ɔ w
grudach 
	ɡ r u d a x 
	k r u d a x
grudą 
	ɡ r u d ɔ̃ 
	k r u d ɔ̃
gruda 
	ɡ r u d a 
	k r u d a
grud 
	ɡ r u t 
	k r u t
grudom 
	ɡ r u d ɔ m 
	k r u d ɔ m
grudy 
	ɡ r u d ɨ 
	k r u d ɨ
grudy 
	ɡ r u d ɨ 
	k r u d ɨ
grudy 
	ɡ r u d ɨ 
	k r u d ɨ
grudy 
	ɡ r u d ɨ 
	k r u d ɨ
grudzie 
	ɡ r u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	k r u d ʑ i ɛ
grudzie 
	ɡ r u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	k r u d ʑ i ɛ
grudniami 
	ɡ r u d ɲ a mʲ i 
	k r u d ɲ i a mʲ i
grudnia 
	ɡ r u d ɲ a 
	k r u d ɲ i a
grudniem 
	ɡ r u d ɲ ɛ m 
	k r u d ɲ i ɛ m
grudniom 
	ɡ r u d ɲ ɔ m 
	k r u d ɲ i ɔ m
grudzień 
	ɡ r u d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ 
	k r u d ʑ i ɛ ɲ
grudzień 
	ɡ r u d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ 
	k r u d ʑ i ɛ ɲ
grunt 
	ɡ r u n t 
	k r u n t
grunt 
	ɡ r u n t 
	k r u n t
grupa 
	ɡ r u p a 
	k r u p a
grupę 
	ɡ r u p ɛ 
	k r u p ɛ~
gruszą 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɔ̃ 
	k r u ʂ ɔ̃
grusza 
	ɡ r u ʂ a 
	k r u ʂ a
grusze 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɛ 
	k r u ʂ ɛ
gruszę 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɛ 
	k r u ʂ ɛ~
grusze 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɛ 
	k r u ʂ ɛ
grusze 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɛ 
	k r u ʂ ɛ
grusz 
	ɡ r u ʂ 
	k r u ʂ
gruszom 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɔ m 
	k r u ʂ ɔ m
gruszo 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɔ 
	k r u ʂ ɔ
gruszy 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɨ 
	k r u ʂ ɨ
gruszy 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɨ 
	k r u ʂ ɨ
gruszy 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɨ 
	k r u ʂ ɨ
gruszeczka 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	k r u ʂ ɛ t͡ʂ k a
gruszka 
	ɡ r u ʂ k a 
	k r u ʂ k a
gruszyczka 
	ɡ r u ʂ ɨ t͡ʂ k a 
	k r u ʂ ɨ t͡ʂ k a
gruz 
	ɡ r u s 
	k r u s
gruz 
	ɡ r u s 
	k r u s
grynszpan 
	ɡ r ɨ n ʂ p a n 
	k r ɨ n ʂ p a n
grynszpan 
	ɡ r ɨ n ʂ p a n 
	k r ɨ n ʂ p a n
grypa 
	ɡ r ɨ p a 
	k r ɨ p a
gryp 
	ɡ r ɨ p 
	k r ɨ p
gryzonie 
	ɡ r ɨ z ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	k r ɨ z ɔ ɲ i ɛ
gryzonie 
	ɡ r ɨ z ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	k r ɨ z ɔ ɲ i ɛ
gryzonie 
	ɡ r ɨ z ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	k r ɨ z ɔ ɲ i ɛ
gryzoni 
	ɡ r ɨ z ɔ ɲ i 
	k r ɨ z ɔ ɲ i
gryzoniu 
	ɡ r ɨ z ɔ ɲ u 
	k r ɨ z ɔ ɲ i u
gryzoniu 
	ɡ r ɨ z ɔ ɲ u 
	k r ɨ z ɔ ɲ i u
gryzoń 
	ɡ r ɨ z ɔ ɲ 
	k r ɨ z ɔ ɲ
grzbiet 
	ɡ ʐ bʲ ɛ t 
	g ʐ bʲ i ɛ t
grzbiet 
	ɡ ʐ bʲ ɛ t 
	g ʐ bʲ i ɛ t
grzebień 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ 
	g ʐ ɛ bʲ i ɛ ɲ
grzebień 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ 
	g ʐ ɛ bʲ i ɛ ɲ
grzech 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ x 
	g ʐ ɛ x
grzech 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ x 
	g ʐ ɛ x
grzechotka 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ x ɔ t k a 
	g ʐ ɛ x ɔ t k a
grzechotnik 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ x ɔ t ɲ i k 
	g ʐ ɛ x ɔ d ɲ i k
grzeczność 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g ʐ ɛ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
grzeczność 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g ʐ ɛ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
grzęda 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ n d a 
	g ʐ ɛ~d a
grzesznik 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ ʂ ɲ i k 
	g ʐ ɛ ʐ ɲ i k
grzmot 
	ɡ ʐ m ɔ t 
	g ʐ m ɔ t
grzmot 
	ɡ ʐ m ɔ t 
	g ʐ m ɔ t
grzybek 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ b ɛ k 
	g ʐ ɨ b ɛ k
grzybek 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ b ɛ k 
	g ʐ ɨ b ɛ k
grzyb 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ p 
	g ʐ ɨ p
grzyb 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ p 
	g ʐ ɨ p
grzybienie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
grzybienie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
grzybienie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
grzybień 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ bʲ ɛ ɲ 
	g ʐ ɨ bʲ i ɛ ɲ
grzybień 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ bʲ ɛ ɲ 
	g ʐ ɨ bʲ i ɛ ɲ
grzybienie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
grzybienie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
grzybienie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
grzybobranie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ b ɔ b r a ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ b ɔ p r a ɲ i ɛ
grzybobranie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ b ɔ b r a ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ b ɔ p r a ɲ i ɛ
grzybobranie 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ b ɔ b r a ɲ ɛ 
	g ʐ ɨ b ɔ p r a ɲ i ɛ
grzybowa 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ b ɔ v a 
	g ʐ ɨ b ɔ v a
grzybowa 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ b ɔ v a 
	g ʐ ɨ b ɔ v a
grzywa 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ v a 
	g ʐ ɨ v a
grzywka 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ f k a 
	g ʐ ɨ v k a
grzywien 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ vʲ ɛ n 
	g ʐ ɨ vʲ i ɛ n
grzywna 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ v n a 
	g ʐ ɨ v n a
grzywny 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ v n ɨ 
	g ʐ ɨ v n ɨ
grzywny 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ v n ɨ 
	g ʐ ɨ v n ɨ
grzywny 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ v n ɨ 
	g ʐ ɨ v n ɨ
grzywny 
	ɡ ʐ ɨ v n ɨ 
	g ʐ ɨ v n ɨ
guawa 
	ɡ u a v a 
	g u a v a
guma 
	ɡ u m a 
	g u m a
gum 
	ɡ u m 
	g u m
gumka 
	ɡ u m k a 
	g u m k a
gust 
	ɡ u s t 
	g u s t
gust 
	ɡ u s t 
	g u s t
gutacja 
	ɡ u t a t͡s j a 
	g u t a t͡s j a
guziczek 
	ɡ u ʑ i t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	g u ʑ i t͡ʂ ɛ k
guziczek 
	ɡ u ʑ i t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	g u ʑ i t͡ʂ ɛ k
guziec 
	ɡ u ʑ ɛ t͡s 
	g u ʑ i ɛ t͡s
guzik 
	ɡ u ʑ i k 
	g u ʑ i k
guzik 
	ɡ u ʑ i k 
	g u ʑ i k
gwałciciel 
	ɡ v a w t͡ɕ i t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	g v a w t͡sʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l
gwałcicielka 
	ɡ v a w t͡ɕ i t͡ɕ ɛ l k a 
	g v a w t͡sʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l k a
gwałt 
	ɡ v a w t 
	g v a w t
gwałt 
	ɡ v a w t 
	g v a w t
gwarach 
	ɡ v a r a x 
	g v a r a x
gwarami 
	ɡ v a r a mʲ i 
	g v a r a mʲ i
gwarą 
	ɡ v a r ɔ̃ 
	g v a r ɔ̃
gwara 
	ɡ v a r a 
	g v a r a
gwarę 
	ɡ v a r ɛ 
	g v a r ɛ~
gwar 
	ɡ v a r 
	g v a r
gwarom 
	ɡ v a r ɔ m 
	g v a r ɔ m
gwaro 
	ɡ v a r ɔ 
	g v a r ɔ
gwary 
	ɡ v a r ɨ 
	g v a r ɨ
gwary 
	ɡ v a r ɨ 
	g v a r ɨ
gwary 
	ɡ v a r ɨ 
	g v a r ɨ
gwary 
	ɡ v a r ɨ 
	g v a r ɨ
gwarze 
	ɡ v a ʐ ɛ 
	g v a ʐ ɛ
gwarze 
	ɡ v a ʐ ɛ 
	g v a ʐ ɛ
gwarancja 
	ɡ v a r a n t͡s j a 
	g v a r a n t͡s j a
gwarach 
	ɡ v a r a x 
	g v a r a x
gwarami 
	ɡ v a r a mʲ i 
	g v a r a mʲ i
gwarem 
	ɡ v a r ɛ m 
	g v a r ɛ m
gwar 
	ɡ v a r 
	g v a r
gwar 
	ɡ v a r 
	g v a r
gwarom 
	ɡ v a r ɔ m 
	g v a r ɔ m
gwarowi 
	ɡ v a r ɔ vʲ i 
	g v a r ɔ vʲ i
gwarów 
	ɡ v a r u f 
	g v a r u v
gwaru 
	ɡ v a r u 
	g v a r u
gwary 
	ɡ v a r ɨ 
	g v a r ɨ
gwary 
	ɡ v a r ɨ 
	g v a r ɨ
gwary 
	ɡ v a r ɨ 
	g v a r ɨ
gwarze 
	ɡ v a ʐ ɛ 
	g v a ʐ ɛ
gwarze 
	ɡ v a ʐ ɛ 
	g v a ʐ ɛ
gwiazdach 
	ɡ vʲ a z d a x 
	g vʲ i a z d a x
gwiazdami 
	ɡ vʲ a z d a mʲ i 
	g vʲ i a z d a mʲ i
gwiazdą 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɔ̃ 
	g vʲ i a z d ɔ̃
gwiazda 
	ɡ vʲ a z d a 
	g vʲ i a z d a
gwiazdę 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɛ 
	g vʲ i a z d ɛ~
gwiazd 
	ɡ vʲ a s t 
	g vʲ i a s t
gwiazdom 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɔ m 
	g vʲ i a z d ɔ m
gwiazdo 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɔ 
	g vʲ i a z d ɔ
gwiazdy 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɨ 
	g vʲ i a z d ɨ
gwiazdy 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɨ 
	g vʲ i a z d ɨ
gwiazdy 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɨ 
	g vʲ i a z d ɨ
gwiazdy 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɨ 
	g vʲ i a z d ɨ
gwieździe 
	ɡ vʲ ɛ ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	g vʲ i ɛ ʑ d ʑ i ɛ
gwieździe 
	ɡ vʲ ɛ ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	g vʲ i ɛ ʑ d ʑ i ɛ
gwiazdka 
	ɡ vʲ a s t k a 
	g vʲ i a z t k a
gwiazdozbiór 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɔ z bʲ u r 
	g vʲ i a z d ɔ z bʲ i u r
gwiazdozbiór 
	ɡ vʲ a z d ɔ z bʲ u r 
	g vʲ i a z d ɔ z bʲ i u r
gwint 
	ɡ vʲ i n t 
	g vʲ i n t
gwint 
	ɡ vʲ i n t 
	g vʲ i n t
gwizdek 
	ɡ vʲ i z d ɛ k 
	g vʲ i z d ɛ k
gwizdek 
	ɡ vʲ i z d ɛ k 
	g vʲ i z d ɛ k
gwóźdź 
	ɡ v u ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g v u ʑ t ɕ
gwóźdź 
	ɡ v u ɕ t͡ɕ 
	g v u ʑ t ɕ
gżegżółka 
	ɡ ʐ ɛ ɡ ʐ u w k a 
	g ʐ ɛ g ʐ u w k a
hadis 
	x a d i s 
	x a dʲ i s
hadis 
	x a d i s 
	x a dʲ i s
hadron 
	x a d r ɔ n 
	x a t r ɔ n
hadron 
	x a d r ɔ n 
	x a t r ɔ n
hafn 
	x a f n 
	x a v n
hafn 
	x a f n 
	x a v n
hamburger 
	x a m b u r ɡ ɛ r 
	x a m b u r g ɛ r
hangar 
	x a n ɡ a r 
	x a n g a r
hangar 
	x a n ɡ a r 
	x a n g a r
harmonia 
	x a r m ɔ ɲ j a 
	x a r m ɔ ɲ i a
harmonogram 
	x a r m ɔ n ɔ ɡ r a m 
	x a r m ɔ n ɔ k r a m
harmonogram 
	x a r m ɔ n ɔ ɡ r a m 
	x a r m ɔ n ɔ k r a m
haśle 
	x a ɕ l ɛ 
	x a ʑ l ɛ
haubica 
	x a w bʲ i t͡s a 
	x a u bʲ i t͡s a
headshot 
	x ɛ t ʂ ɔ t 
	x ɛ a t s x ɔ t
headshot 
	x ɛ t ʂ ɔ t 
	x ɛ a t s x ɔ t
heliocentryzm 
	x ɛ lʲ ɔ t͡s ɛ n t r ɨ z m 
	x ɛ lʲ i ɔ t͡s ɛ n t r ɨ z m
heliocentryzm 
	x ɛ lʲ ɔ t͡s ɛ n t r ɨ z m 
	x ɛ lʲ i ɔ t͡s ɛ n t r ɨ z m
herbaciarnia 
	x ɛ r b a t͡ɕ a r ɲ a 
	x ɛ r b a t͡sʲ i a r ɲ i a
hiena 
	xʲ j ɛ n a 
	xʲ i ɛ n a
hierarcha 
	xʲ j ɛ r a r x a 
	xʲ i ɛ r a r x a
hierarchia 
	xʲ j ɛ r a r xʲ j a 
	xʲ i ɛ r a r xʲ i a
hierarchini 
	xʲ j ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i 
	xʲ i ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i
hierarchini 
	xʲ j ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i 
	xʲ i ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i
hierarchini 
	xʲ j ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i 
	xʲ i ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i
hierarchini 
	xʲ j ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i 
	xʲ i ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i
hierarchini 
	xʲ j ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i 
	xʲ i ɛ r a r xʲ i ɲ i
hieroglif 
	xʲ j ɛ r ɔ ɡ lʲ i f 
	xʲ i ɛ r ɔ g lʲ i f
hieroglif 
	xʲ j ɛ r ɔ ɡ lʲ i f 
	xʲ i ɛ r ɔ g lʲ i f
hiragana 
	xʲ i r a ɡ a n a 
	xʲ i r a g a n a
historia 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ j a 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ i a
historię 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ j ɛ 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ i ɛ~
historii 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ j i 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ i i
historii 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ j i 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ i i
historii 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ j i 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ i i
historii 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ j i 
	xʲ i s t ɔ rʲ i i
hodowca 
	x ɔ d ɔ f t͡s a 
	x ɔ d ɔ v t͡s a
hokejówka 
	x ɔ k ɛ j u f k a 
	x ɔ k ɛ j u v k a
homoseksualność 
	x ɔ m ɔ s ɛ k s u a l n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	x ɔ m ɔ s ɛ k s u a l n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
homoseksualność 
	x ɔ m ɔ s ɛ k s u a l n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	x ɔ m ɔ s ɛ k s u a l n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
hostia 
	x ɔ s t j a 
	x ɔ s tʲ i a
house 
	x a w s 
	x ɔ u s ɛ
house 
	x a w s 
	x ɔ u s ɛ
hrabia 
	x r a bʲ a 
	x r a bʲ i a
hrabstwo 
	x r a p s t f ɔ 
	x r a p s d v ɔ
hrabstwo 
	x r a p s t f ɔ 
	x r a p s d v ɔ
hrabstwo 
	x r a p s t f ɔ 
	x r a p s d v ɔ
hufnal 
	x u f n a l 
	x u v n a l
hufnal 
	x u f n a l 
	x u v n a l
hulajnoga 
	x u l a j n ɔ ɡ a 
	x u l a j n ɔ g a
huragan 
	x u r a ɡ a n 
	x u r a g a n
huragan 
	x u r a ɡ a n 
	x u r a g a n
hurtownia 
	x u r t ɔ v ɲ a 
	x u r t ɔ v ɲ i a
huśtawka 
	x u ɕ t a f k a 
	x u ɕ t a v k a
hydrant 
	x ɨ d r a n t 
	x ɨ t r a n t
hydrant 
	x ɨ d r a n t 
	x ɨ t r a n t
hydraulik 
	x ɨ d r a w lʲ i k 
	x ɨ t r a u lʲ i k
hydrofitologia 
	x ɨ d r ɔ fʲ i t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	x ɨ t r ɔ fʲ i t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
hydroklimatologia 
	x ɨ d r ɔ k lʲ i m a t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	x ɨ t r ɔ g lʲ i m a t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
ichtiolog 
	i x t j ɔ l ɔ k 
	i x tʲ i ɔ l ɔ k
ichtiopatologia 
	i x t j ɔ p a t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	i x tʲ i ɔ p a t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
identyczność 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
identyczność 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
identyfikowanie 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ fʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ fʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
identyfikowanie 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ fʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ fʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
identyfikowanie 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ fʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	i d ɛ n t ɨ fʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
idiom 
	i d j ɔ m 
	i dʲ i ɔ m
idiom 
	i d j ɔ m 
	i dʲ i ɔ m
idiotą 
	i d j ɔ t ɔ̃ 
	i dʲ i ɔ t ɔ̃
idiota 
	i d j ɔ t a 
	i dʲ i ɔ t a
igieł 
	i ɡʲ ɛ w 
	i gʲ i ɛ w
igłach 
	i ɡ w a x 
	i g w a x
igłami 
	i ɡ w a mʲ i 
	i g w a mʲ i
igłą 
	i ɡ w ɔ̃ 
	i g w ɔ̃
igła 
	i ɡ w a 
	i g w a
igłę 
	i ɡ w ɛ 
	i g w ɛ~
igle 
	i ɡ l ɛ 
	i g l ɛ
igle 
	i ɡ l ɛ 
	i g l ɛ
igłom 
	i ɡ w ɔ m 
	i g w ɔ m
igło 
	i ɡ w ɔ 
	i g w ɔ
igły 
	i ɡ w ɨ 
	i g w ɨ
igły 
	i ɡ w ɨ 
	i g w ɨ
igły 
	i ɡ w ɨ 
	i g w ɨ
igły 
	i ɡ w ɨ 
	i g w ɨ
igrek 
	i ɡ r ɛ k 
	i k r ɛ k
igrek 
	i ɡ r ɛ k 
	i k r ɛ k
igrzyska 
	i ɡ ʐ ɨ s k a 
	i g ʐ ɨ s k a
igrzyska 
	i ɡ ʐ ɨ s k a 
	i g ʐ ɨ s k a
igrzyska 
	i ɡ ʐ ɨ s k a 
	i g ʐ ɨ s k a
iguana 
	i ɡ u w a n a 
	i g u a n a
ikrę 
	i k r ɛ 
	i k r ɛ~
ikrze 
	i k ʂ ɛ 
	i k ʐ ɛ
ikrze 
	i k ʂ ɛ 
	i k ʐ ɛ
iłów 
	i w u f 
	i w u v
ilość 
	i l ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	i l ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ilość 
	i l ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	i l ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
imię 
	i mʲ ɛ 
	i mʲ i ɛ~
imienia 
	i mʲ ɛ ɲ a 
	i mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a
imieniem 
	i mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	i mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
imieniu 
	i mʲ ɛ ɲ u 
	i mʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
imieniu 
	i mʲ ɛ ɲ u 
	i mʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
imię 
	i mʲ ɛ 
	i mʲ i ɛ~
imię 
	i mʲ ɛ 
	i mʲ i ɛ~
imionach 
	i mʲ ɔ n a x 
	i mʲ i ɔ n a x
imionami 
	i mʲ ɔ n a mʲ i 
	i mʲ i ɔ n a mʲ i
imiona 
	i mʲ ɔ n a 
	i mʲ i ɔ n a
imiona 
	i mʲ ɔ n a 
	i mʲ i ɔ n a
imiona 
	i mʲ ɔ n a 
	i mʲ i ɔ n a
imion 
	i mʲ ɔ n 
	i mʲ i ɔ n
imionom 
	i mʲ ɔ n ɔ m 
	i mʲ i ɔ n ɔ m
imiesłów 
	i mʲ ɛ s w u f 
	i mʲ i ɛ s w u v
imiesłów 
	i mʲ ɛ s w u f 
	i mʲ i ɛ s w u v
implozja 
	i m p l ɔ z j a 
	i m b l ɔ z j a
importowanie 
	i m p ɔ r t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	i m p ɔ r t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
importowanie 
	i m p ɔ r t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	i m p ɔ r t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
importowanie 
	i m p ɔ r t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	i m p ɔ r t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
impresjonizm 
	i m p r ɛ s j ɔ ɲ i z m 
	i m p r ɛ z j ɔ ɲ i z m
impresjonizm 
	i m p r ɛ s j ɔ ɲ i z m 
	i m p r ɛ z j ɔ ɲ i z m
imprezę 
	i m p r ɛ z ɛ 
	i m p r ɛ z ɛ~
inflacja 
	i n f l a t͡s j a 
	i n v l a t͡s j a
informację 
	i n f ɔ r m a t͡s j ɛ 
	i n f ɔ r m a t͡s j ɛ~
ingerencja 
	i n ɡ ɛ r ɛ n t͡s j a 
	i n g ɛ r ɛ n t͡s j a
iniekcja 
	i ɲ ɛ k t͡s j a 
	i ɲ i ɛ k t͡s j a
inteligencją 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j ɔ̃ 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j ɔ̃
inteligencja 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j a 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j a
inteligencje 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j ɛ 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j ɛ
inteligencję 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j ɛ 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j ɛ~
inteligencje 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j ɛ 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j ɛ
inteligencje 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j ɛ 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j ɛ
inteligencji 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j i 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j i
inteligencji 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j i 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j i
inteligencji 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j i 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j i
inteligencji 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j i 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j i
inteligencjo 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i ɡ ɛ n t͡s j ɔ 
	i n t ɛ lʲ i g ɛ n t͡s j ɔ
interesów 
	i n t ɛ r ɛ s u f 
	i n t ɛ r ɛ s u v
interlingua 
	i n t ɛ r lʲ i n ɡ v a 
	i n t ɛ r lʲ i n g u a
intryga 
	i n t r ɨ ɡ a 
	i n t r ɨ g a
inżynier 
	i n ʐ ɨ ɲ ɛ r 
	i n ʐ ɨ ɲ i ɛ r
ironia 
	i r ɔ ɲ j a 
	i r ɔ ɲ i a
iskier 
	i s kʲ ɛ r 
	i s kʲ i ɛ r
iskrę 
	i s k r ɛ 
	i s k r ɛ~
iskrze 
	i s k ʂ ɛ 
	i s k ʐ ɛ
iskrze 
	i s k ʂ ɛ 
	i s k ʐ ɛ
istnienia 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ a 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i a
istnienia 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ a 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i a
istnienia 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ a 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i a
istnienia 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ a 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i a
istnieniem 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
istnienie 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
istnienie 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
istnienie 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
istnieniu 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ u 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i u
istnieniu 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ u 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i u
istnień 
	i s t ɲ ɛ ɲ 
	i s d ɲ i ɛ ɲ
istocie 
	i s t ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	i s t ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
istocie 
	i s t ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	i s t ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
istotę 
	i s t ɔ t ɛ 
	i s t ɔ t ɛ~
izoleucyna 
	i z ɔ l ɛ w t͡s ɨ n a 
	i z ɔ l ɛ u t͡s ɨ n a
jabłecznik 
	j a b w ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	j a b w ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
jabłecznik 
	j a b w ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	j a b w ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
jabłkami 
	j a p k a mʲ i 
	j a b w k a mʲ i
jabłka 
	j a p k a 
	j a b w k a
jabłka 
	j a p k a 
	j a b w k a
jabłka 
	j a p k a 
	j a b w k a
jabłka 
	j a p k a 
	j a b w k a
jabłko 
	j a p k ɔ 
	j a b w k ɔ
jabłko 
	j a p k ɔ 
	j a b w k ɔ
jabłko 
	j a p k ɔ 
	j a b w k ɔ
jadalnia 
	j a d a l ɲ a 
	j a d a l ɲ i a
jadów 
	j a d u f 
	j a d u v
jadzie 
	j a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	j a d ʑ i ɛ
jadzie 
	j a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	j a d ʑ i ɛ
jadłowstręt 
	j a d w ɔ f s t r ɛ n t 
	j a d w ɔ v s t r ɛ~t
jadłowstręt 
	j a d w ɔ f s t r ɛ n t 
	j a d w ɔ v s t r ɛ~t
jąder 
	j ɔ n d ɛ r 
	j ɔ̃ d ɛ r
jądrach 
	j ɔ n d r a x 
	j ɔ̃ t r a x
jądrami 
	j ɔ n d r a mʲ i 
	j ɔ̃ t r a mʲ i
jądra 
	j ɔ n d r a 
	j ɔ̃ t r a
jądra 
	j ɔ n d r a 
	j ɔ̃ t r a
jądra 
	j ɔ n d r a 
	j ɔ̃ t r a
jądra 
	j ɔ n d r a 
	j ɔ̃ t r a
jądrem 
	j ɔ n d r ɛ m 
	j ɔ̃ t r ɛ m
jądrom 
	j ɔ n d r ɔ m 
	j ɔ̃ t r ɔ m
jądro 
	j ɔ n d r ɔ 
	j ɔ̃ t r ɔ
jądro 
	j ɔ n d r ɔ 
	j ɔ̃ t r ɔ
jądro 
	j ɔ n d r ɔ 
	j ɔ̃ t r ɔ
jądru 
	j ɔ n d r u 
	j ɔ̃ t r u
jądrze 
	j ɔ n d ʐ ɛ 
	j ɔ̃ d ʐ ɛ
jagniąt 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɔ n t 
	j a g ɲ i ɔ̃ t
jagnięcia 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
jagnięciem 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ m
jagnięciu 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
jagnięciu 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
jagnię 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~
jagnię 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~
jagnię 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~
jagniętach 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ n t a x 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t a x
jagniętami 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t a mʲ i
jagnięta 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ n t a 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t a
jagnięta 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ n t a 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t a
jagnięta 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ n t a 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t a
jagniętom 
	j a ɡ ɲ ɛ n t ɔ m 
	j a g ɲ i ɛ~t ɔ m
jagodą 
	j a ɡ ɔ d ɔ̃ 
	j a g ɔ d ɔ̃
jagoda 
	j a ɡ ɔ d a 
	j a g ɔ d a
jagodę 
	j a ɡ ɔ d ɛ 
	j a g ɔ d ɛ~
jagód 
	j a ɡ u t 
	j a g u t
jagodo 
	j a ɡ ɔ d ɔ 
	j a g ɔ d ɔ
jagody 
	j a ɡ ɔ d ɨ 
	j a g ɔ d ɨ
jagody 
	j a ɡ ɔ d ɨ 
	j a g ɔ d ɨ
jagody 
	j a ɡ ɔ d ɨ 
	j a g ɔ d ɨ
jagody 
	j a ɡ ɔ d ɨ 
	j a g ɔ d ɨ
jagodzie 
	j a ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	j a g ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
jagodzie 
	j a ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	j a g ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
jagódeczka 
	j a ɡ u d ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	j a g u d ɛ t͡ʂ k a
jagódka 
	j a ɡ u t k a 
	j a g u t k a
jaguar 
	j a ɡ u a r 
	j a g u a r
jajecznica 
	j a j ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i t͡s a 
	j a j ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i t͡s a
jajkiem 
	j a j kʲ ɛ m 
	j a j kʲ i ɛ m
jałowiec 
	j a w ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	j a w ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
jałówka 
	j a w u f k a 
	j a w u v k a
jamę 
	j a m ɛ 
	j a m ɛ~
jamie 
	j a mʲ ɛ 
	j a mʲ i ɛ
jamie 
	j a mʲ ɛ 
	j a mʲ i ɛ
janowiec 
	j a n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	j a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
janowiec 
	j a n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	j a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
japoniec 
	j a p ɔ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	j a p ɔ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
jarów 
	j a r u f 
	j a r u v
jarząbek 
	j a ʐ ɔ m b ɛ k 
	j a ʐ ɔ̃ b ɛ k
jarząb 
	j a ʐ ɔ m p 
	j a ʐ ɔ̃ p
jarząb 
	j a ʐ ɔ m p 
	j a ʐ ɔ̃ p
jarzębatka 
	j a ʐ ɛ m b a t k a 
	j a ʐ ɛ~b a t k a
jarzębina 
	j a ʐ ɛ m bʲ i n a 
	j a ʐ ɛ~bʲ i n a
jaskinia 
	j a s kʲ i ɲ a 
	j a s kʲ i ɲ i a
jaśmin 
	j a ɕ mʲ i n 
	j a ʑ mʲ i n
jaśmin 
	j a ɕ mʲ i n 
	j a ʑ mʲ i n
jaśminowiec 
	j a ɕ mʲ i n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	j a ʑ mʲ i n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
jaśminowiec 
	j a ɕ mʲ i n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	j a ʑ mʲ i n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
jasnota 
	j a s n ɔ t a 
	j a z n ɔ t a
jastrząb 
	j a s t ʂ ɔ m p 
	j a s t ʐ ɔ̃ p
jastrzębiach 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ a x 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i a x
jastrzębiami 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ a mʲ i 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i a mʲ i
jastrzębia 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ a 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i a
jastrzębia 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ a 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i a
jastrzębiem 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ ɛ m 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i ɛ m
jastrzębi 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ i 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i
jastrzębiom 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ ɔ m 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i ɔ m
jastrzębiu 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ u 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i u
jastrzębiu 
	j a s t ʂ ɛ m bʲ u 
	j a s t ʐ ɛ~bʲ i u
jazie 
	j a ʑ ɛ 
	j a ʑ i ɛ
jazie 
	j a ʑ ɛ 
	j a ʑ i ɛ
jaźwiec 
	j a ʑ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	j a ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
jednokładność 
	j ɛ d n ɔ k w a d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	j ɛ d n ɔ k w a d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
jednokładność 
	j ɛ d n ɔ k w a d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	j ɛ d n ɔ k w a d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
jedynkę 
	j ɛ d ɨ n k ɛ 
	j ɛ d ɨ n k ɛ~
jędza 
	j ɛ n d͡z a 
	j ɛ~d z a
jehowiec 
	j ɛ x ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	j ɛ x ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
jeleniach 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ a x 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i a x
jeleniami 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ a mʲ i 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i a mʲ i
jelenia 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ a 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i a
jelenia 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ a 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i a
jeleniem 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
jelenie 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
jelenie 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
jelenie 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
jeleniom 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɔ m 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɔ m
jeleniowi 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
jeleniu 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ u 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i u
jeleniu 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ u 
	j ɛ l ɛ ɲ i u
jelicie 
	j ɛ lʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	j ɛ lʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
jemioła 
	j ɛ mʲ ɔ w a 
	j ɛ mʲ i ɔ w a
jemiole 
	j ɛ mʲ ɔ l ɛ 
	j ɛ mʲ i ɔ l ɛ
jemiole 
	j ɛ mʲ ɔ l ɛ 
	j ɛ mʲ i ɔ l ɛ
jemioł 
	j ɛ mʲ ɔ w 
	j ɛ mʲ i ɔ w
jemiołuszka 
	j ɛ mʲ ɔ w u ʂ k a 
	j ɛ mʲ i ɔ w u ʂ k a
jeńców 
	j ɛ ɲ t͡s u f 
	j ɛ ɲ t͡s u v
jeńców 
	j ɛ ɲ t͡s u f 
	j ɛ ɲ t͡s u v
jeniec 
	j ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	j ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
jesion 
	j ɛ ɕ ɔ n 
	j ɛ ɕ i ɔ n
jesion 
	j ɛ ɕ ɔ n 
	j ɛ ɕ i ɔ n
jesiotr 
	j ɛ ɕ ɔ t r 
	j ɛ ɕ i ɔ t r
jętka 
	j ɛ n t k a 
	j ɛ~t k a
jezdnia 
	j ɛ z d ɲ a 
	j ɛ z d ɲ i a
jeździec 
	j ɛ ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s 
	j ɛ ʑ d ʑ i ɛ t͡s
jeziorach 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r a x 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r a x
jeziorami 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r a mʲ i 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r a mʲ i
jeziora 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r a 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r a
jeziora 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r a 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r a
jeziora 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r a 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r a
jeziora 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r a 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r a
jeziorem 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r ɛ m 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r ɛ m
jezior 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r
jeziorom 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r ɔ m 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r ɔ m
jezioro 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r ɔ 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r ɔ
jezioro 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r ɔ 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r ɔ
jezioro 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r ɔ 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r ɔ
jezioru 
	j ɛ ʑ ɔ r u 
	j ɛ ʑ i ɔ r u
jeżowiec 
	j ɛ ʐ ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	j ɛ ʐ ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
jeżówka 
	j ɛ ʐ u f k a 
	j ɛ ʐ u v k a
jeżozwierz 
	j ɛ ʐ ɔ z vʲ ɛ ʂ 
	j ɛ ʐ ɔ z vʲ i ɛ ʂ
języczek 
	j ɛ̃ z ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	j ɛ~z ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ k
języczek 
	j ɛ̃ z ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	j ɛ~z ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ k
języka 
	j ɛ̃ z ɨ k a 
	j ɛ~z ɨ k a
język 
	j ɛ̃ z ɨ k 
	j ɛ~z ɨ k
język 
	j ɛ̃ z ɨ k 
	j ɛ~z ɨ k
językoznawca 
	j ɛ̃ z ɨ k ɔ z n a f t͡s a 
	j ɛ~z ɨ k ɔ z n a v t͡s a
jodłę 
	j ɔ d w ɛ 
	j ɔ d w ɛ~
joga 
	j ɔ ɡ a 
	j ɔ g a
jogurt 
	j ɔ ɡ u r t 
	j ɔ g u r t
jogurt 
	j ɔ ɡ u r t 
	j ɔ g u r t
joker 
	d͡ʐ ɔ k ɛ r 
	j ɔ k ɛ r
joypad 
	d͡ʐ ɔ j p ɛ t 
	j ɔ ɨ p a t
joypad 
	d͡ʐ ɔ j p ɛ t 
	j ɔ ɨ p a t
juchę 
	j u x ɛ 
	j u x ɛ~
jury 
	ʐ ɨ rʲ i 
	j u r ɨ
kablówka 
	k a b l u f k a 
	k a b l u v k a
kabriolet 
	k a b rʲ j ɔ l ɛ t 
	k a p rʲ i ɔ l ɛ t
kabriolet 
	k a b rʲ j ɔ l ɛ t 
	k a p rʲ i ɔ l ɛ t
kaczątko 
	k a t͡ʂ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	k a t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t k ɔ
kaczątko 
	k a t͡ʂ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	k a t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t k ɔ
kaczątko 
	k a t͡ʂ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	k a t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t k ɔ
kaczę 
	k a t͡ʂ ɛ 
	k a t͡ʂ ɛ~
kaczę 
	k a t͡ʂ ɛ 
	k a t͡ʂ ɛ~
kaczę 
	k a t͡ʂ ɛ 
	k a t͡ʂ ɛ~
kadzidło 
	k a d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	k a d ʑ i d w ɔ
kadzidło 
	k a d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	k a d ʑ i d w ɔ
kadzidło 
	k a d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	k a d ʑ i d w ɔ
kądziel 
	k ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ l 
	k ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ l
kądziel 
	k ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ l 
	k ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ l
kadzi 
	k a d͡ʑ i 
	k a d ʑ i
kadzi 
	k a d͡ʑ i 
	k a d ʑ i
kadzi 
	k a d͡ʑ i 
	k a d ʑ i
kadzi 
	k a d͡ʑ i 
	k a d ʑ i
kadzi 
	k a d͡ʑ i 
	k a d ʑ i
kadź 
	k a t͡ɕ 
	k a t ɕ
kadź 
	k a t͡ɕ 
	k a t ɕ
kaganiec 
	k a ɡ a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a g a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
kaganiec 
	k a ɡ a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a g a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
kakaowiec 
	k a k a ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a k a ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kakaowiec 
	k a k a ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a k a ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kąkole 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ l ɛ 
	k ɔ̃ k ɔ l ɛ
kąkole 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ l ɛ 
	k ɔ̃ k ɔ l ɛ
kąkole 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ l ɛ 
	k ɔ̃ k ɔ l ɛ
kąkoli 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ lʲ i 
	k ɔ̃ k ɔ lʲ i
kąkol 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ l 
	k ɔ̃ k ɔ l
kąkol 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ l 
	k ɔ̃ k ɔ l
kąkolowi 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ l ɔ vʲ i 
	k ɔ̃ k ɔ l ɔ vʲ i
kalafior 
	k a l a fʲ ɔ r 
	k a l a fʲ i ɔ r
kalafior 
	k a l a fʲ ɔ r 
	k a l a fʲ i ɔ r
kalinę 
	k a lʲ i n ɛ 
	k a lʲ i n ɛ~
kalinie 
	k a lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	k a lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
kalinie 
	k a lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	k a lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
kalumnia 
	k a l u m ɲ a 
	k a l u m ɲ i a
kamerę 
	k a m ɛ r ɛ 
	k a m ɛ r ɛ~
kamieniarz 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ a ʂ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a ʂ
kamienica 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ i t͡s a 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i t͡s a
kamienicy 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i t͡s ɨ
kamienicy 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i t͡s ɨ
kamienicy 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ i t͡s ɨ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i t͡s ɨ
kamieniach 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ a x 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a x
kamieniami 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ a mʲ i 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a mʲ i
kamienia 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ a 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a
kamieniem 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
kamienie 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
kamienie 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
kamienie 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
kamieni 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ i 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i
kamieniom 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ ɔ m 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ m
kamieniowi 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
kamieniu 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ u 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
kamieniu 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ u 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
kamień 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ
kamień 
	k a mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ
kandelabr 
	k a n d ɛ l a b r 
	k a n d ɛ l a p r
kandelabr 
	k a n d ɛ l a b r 
	k a n d ɛ l a p r
kangur 
	k a n ɡ u r 
	k a n g u r
kaniach 
	k a ɲ a x 
	k a ɲ i a x
kaniami 
	k a ɲ a mʲ i 
	k a ɲ i a mʲ i
kanią 
	k a ɲ ɔ̃ 
	k a ɲ i ɔ̃
kania 
	k a ɲ a 
	k a ɲ i a
kanie 
	k a ɲ ɛ 
	k a ɲ i ɛ
kanię 
	k a ɲ ɛ 
	k a ɲ i ɛ~
kanie 
	k a ɲ ɛ 
	k a ɲ i ɛ
kanie 
	k a ɲ ɛ 
	k a ɲ i ɛ
kaniom 
	k a ɲ ɔ m 
	k a ɲ i ɔ m
kanio 
	k a ɲ ɔ 
	k a ɲ i ɔ
kanion 
	k a ɲ j ɔ n 
	k a ɲ i ɔ n
kanion 
	k a ɲ j ɔ n 
	k a ɲ i ɔ n
kanonierka 
	k a n ɔ ɲ ɛ r k a 
	k a n ɔ ɲ i ɛ r k a
kapie 
	k a pʲ ɛ 
	k a pʲ i ɛ
kapie 
	k a pʲ ɛ 
	k a pʲ i ɛ
kapeć 
	k a p ɛ t͡ɕ 
	k a p ɛ t͡ʂ
kapeć 
	k a p ɛ t͡ɕ 
	k a p ɛ t͡ʂ
kąpiel 
	k ɔ m pʲ ɛ l 
	k ɔ̃ pʲ i ɛ l
kąpiel 
	k ɔ m pʲ ɛ l 
	k ɔ̃ pʲ i ɛ l
kapitanie 
	k a pʲ i t a ɲ ɛ 
	k a pʲ i t a ɲ i ɛ
kapitanie 
	k a pʲ i t a ɲ ɛ 
	k a pʲ i t a ɲ i ɛ
kapkę 
	k a p k ɛ 
	k a p k ɛ~
kapłaństwo 
	k a p w a ɲ s t f ɔ 
	k a p w a ɲ s d v ɔ
kapłaństwo 
	k a p w a ɲ s t f ɔ 
	k a p w a ɲ s d v ɔ
kapłaństwo 
	k a p w a ɲ s t f ɔ 
	k a p w a ɲ s d v ɔ
kaplica 
	k a p lʲ i t͡s a 
	k a b lʲ i t͡s a
kapuśniak 
	k a p u ɕ ɲ a k 
	k a p u ʑ ɲ i a k
kapuśniak 
	k a p u ɕ ɲ a k 
	k a p u ʑ ɲ i a k
kapuście 
	k a p u ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k a p u ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kapuście 
	k a p u ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k a p u ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kapustę 
	k a p u s t ɛ 
	k a p u s t ɛ~
karę 
	k a r ɛ 
	k a r ɛ~
karbieniec 
	k a r bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a r bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
karbieniec 
	k a r bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a r bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
karczma 
	k a r t͡ʂ m a 
	k a r d͡ʐ m a
kariera 
	k a rʲ j ɛ r a 
	k a rʲ i ɛ r a
karierę 
	k a rʲ j ɛ r ɛ 
	k a rʲ i ɛ r ɛ~
karkiem 
	k a r kʲ ɛ m 
	k a r kʲ i ɛ m
karków 
	k a r k u f 
	k a r k u v
karoseria 
	k a r ɔ s ɛ rʲ j a 
	k a r ɔ s ɛ rʲ i a
karpiach 
	k a r pʲ a x 
	k a r pʲ i a x
karpiami 
	k a r pʲ a mʲ i 
	k a r pʲ i a mʲ i
karpia 
	k a r pʲ a 
	k a r pʲ i a
karpia 
	k a r pʲ a 
	k a r pʲ i a
karpiem 
	k a r pʲ ɛ m 
	k a r pʲ i ɛ m
karpie 
	k a r pʲ ɛ 
	k a r pʲ i ɛ
karpie 
	k a r pʲ ɛ 
	k a r pʲ i ɛ
karpie 
	k a r pʲ ɛ 
	k a r pʲ i ɛ
karpiom 
	k a r pʲ ɔ m 
	k a r pʲ i ɔ m
karpiu 
	k a r pʲ u 
	k a r pʲ i u
karpiu 
	k a r pʲ u 
	k a r pʲ i u
kartkówka 
	k a r t k u f k a 
	k a r t k u v k a
kartofle 
	k a r t ɔ f l ɛ 
	k a r t ɔ v l ɛ
kartofle 
	k a r t ɔ f l ɛ 
	k a r t ɔ v l ɛ
kartofle 
	k a r t ɔ f l ɛ 
	k a r t ɔ v l ɛ
karłów 
	k a r w u f 
	k a r w u v
kasę 
	k a s ɛ 
	k a s ɛ~
kasie 
	k a ɕ ɛ 
	k a ɕ i ɛ
kasie 
	k a ɕ ɛ 
	k a ɕ i ɛ
kasiarz 
	k a ɕ a ʂ 
	k a ɕ i a ʂ
kasjerka 
	k a s j ɛ r k a 
	k a z j ɛ r k a
kasjer 
	k a s j ɛ r 
	k a z j ɛ r
kaszę 
	k a ʂ ɛ 
	k a ʂ ɛ~
kaszlak 
	k a ʂ l a k 
	k a ʐ l a k
kaszmir 
	k a ʂ mʲ i r 
	k a ʐ mʲ i r
kaszmir 
	k a ʂ mʲ i r 
	k a ʐ mʲ i r
kasztanowiec 
	k a ʂ t a n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a ʂ t a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kasztanowiec 
	k a ʂ t a n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a ʂ t a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
katedra 
	k a t ɛ d r a 
	k a t ɛ t r a
kategoria 
	k a t ɛ ɡ ɔ rʲ j a 
	k a t ɛ g ɔ rʲ i a
kation 
	k a t j ɔ n 
	k a tʲ i ɔ n
kation 
	k a t j ɔ n 
	k a tʲ i ɔ n
kacie 
	k a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k a t͡sʲ i ɛ
kącie 
	k ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kacie 
	k a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k a t͡sʲ i ɛ
kącie 
	k ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kaci 
	k a t͡ɕ i 
	k a t͡sʲ i
kaci 
	k a t͡ɕ i 
	k a t͡sʲ i
kątami 
	k ɔ n t a mʲ i 
	k ɔ̃ t a mʲ i
kąta 
	k ɔ n t a 
	k ɔ̃ t a
kąt 
	k ɔ n t 
	k ɔ̃ t
kąt 
	k ɔ n t 
	k ɔ̃ t
kątom 
	k ɔ n t ɔ m 
	k ɔ̃ t ɔ m
kątowi 
	k ɔ n t ɔ vʲ i 
	k ɔ̃ t ɔ vʲ i
katów 
	k a t u f 
	k a t u v
katów 
	k a t u f 
	k a t u v
kątów 
	k ɔ n t u f 
	k ɔ̃ t u v
kaucja 
	k a w t͡s j a 
	k a u t͡s j a
kauczukowiec 
	k a w t͡ʂ u k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a u t͡ʂ u k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kauczukowiec 
	k a w t͡ʂ u k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a u t͡ʂ u k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kawałków 
	k a v a w k u f 
	k a v a w k u v
kawiarenka 
	k a vʲ a r ɛ n k a 
	k a vʲ i a r ɛ n k a
kawiarnia 
	k a vʲ a r ɲ a 
	k a vʲ i a r ɲ i a
kawka 
	k a f k a 
	k a v k a
kawowiec 
	k a v ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a v ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kawowiec 
	k a v ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k a v ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kazania 
	k a z a ɲ a 
	k a z a ɲ i a
kazania 
	k a z a ɲ a 
	k a z a ɲ i a
kazania 
	k a z a ɲ a 
	k a z a ɲ i a
kazania 
	k a z a ɲ a 
	k a z a ɲ i a
kazaniem 
	k a z a ɲ ɛ m 
	k a z a ɲ i ɛ m
kazanie 
	k a z a ɲ ɛ 
	k a z a ɲ i ɛ
kazanie 
	k a z a ɲ ɛ 
	k a z a ɲ i ɛ
kazanie 
	k a z a ɲ ɛ 
	k a z a ɲ i ɛ
kazaniu 
	k a z a ɲ u 
	k a z a ɲ i u
kazaniu 
	k a z a ɲ u 
	k a z a ɲ i u
kaznodzieja 
	k a z n ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ j a 
	k a z n ɔ d ʑ i ɛ j a
kciuka 
	k t͡ɕ u k a 
	k t͡sʲ i u k a
kciuk 
	k t͡ɕ u k 
	k t͡sʲ i u k
kciuk 
	k t͡ɕ u k 
	k t͡sʲ i u k
kciuku 
	k t͡ɕ u k u 
	k t͡sʲ i u k u
kciuku 
	k t͡ɕ u k u 
	k t͡sʲ i u k u
kępina 
	k ɛ m pʲ i n a 
	k ɛ~pʲ i n a
kępin 
	k ɛ m pʲ i n 
	k ɛ~pʲ i n
ketchup 
	k ɛ t͡ʂ u p 
	k ɛ d x u p
ketchup 
	k ɛ t͡ʂ u p 
	k ɛ d x u p
kicia 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ a 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i a
kicie 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
kicie 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
kicie 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
kici 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ i 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i
kici 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ i 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i
kici 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ i 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i
kici 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ i 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i
kiełbasa 
	kʲ ɛ w b a s a 
	kʲ i ɛ w b a s a
kiełb 
	kʲ ɛ w p 
	kʲ i ɛ w p
kielich 
	kʲ ɛ lʲ i x 
	kʲ i ɛ lʲ i x
kielich 
	kʲ ɛ lʲ i x 
	kʲ i ɛ lʲ i x
kieliszek 
	kʲ ɛ lʲ i ʂ ɛ k 
	kʲ i ɛ lʲ i ʂ ɛ k
kieliszek 
	kʲ ɛ lʲ i ʂ ɛ k 
	kʲ i ɛ lʲ i ʂ ɛ k
kieł 
	kʲ ɛ w 
	kʲ i ɛ w
kieł 
	kʲ ɛ w 
	kʲ i ɛ w
kle 
	k l ɛ 
	g l ɛ
kle 
	k l ɛ 
	g l ɛ
kłów 
	k w u f 
	k w u v
kierach 
	kʲ ɛ r a x 
	kʲ i ɛ r a x
kier 
	kʲ ɛ r 
	kʲ i ɛ r
kier 
	kʲ ɛ r 
	kʲ i ɛ r
kierowca 
	kʲ ɛ r ɔ f t͡s a 
	kʲ i ɛ r ɔ v t͡s a
kierownica 
	kʲ ɛ r ɔ v ɲ i t͡s a 
	kʲ i ɛ r ɔ v ɲ i t͡s a
kierowniczka 
	kʲ ɛ r ɔ v ɲ i t͡ʂ k a 
	kʲ i ɛ r ɔ v ɲ i t͡ʂ k a
kierunek 
	kʲ ɛ r u n ɛ k 
	kʲ i ɛ r u n ɛ k
kierunek 
	kʲ ɛ r u n ɛ k 
	kʲ i ɛ r u n ɛ k
kierunku 
	kʲ ɛ r u n k u 
	kʲ i ɛ r u n k u
kierunku 
	kʲ ɛ r u n k u 
	kʲ i ɛ r u n k u
kierunku 
	kʲ ɛ r u n k u 
	kʲ i ɛ r u n k u
kierunkowskaz 
	kʲ ɛ r u n k ɔ f s k a s 
	kʲ i ɛ r u n k ɔ v s k a s
kierunkowskaz 
	kʲ ɛ r u n k ɔ f s k a s 
	kʲ i ɛ r u n k ɔ v s k a s
kieszeni 
	kʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	kʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i
kieszeni 
	kʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	kʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i
kieszeni 
	kʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	kʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i
kieszeni 
	kʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	kʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i
kieszeni 
	kʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	kʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i
kieszonkowiec 
	kʲ ɛ ʂ ɔ n k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	kʲ i ɛ ʂ ɔ n k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kijów 
	kʲ i j u f 
	kʲ i j u v
kiłę 
	kʲ i w ɛ 
	kʲ i w ɛ~
kilogram 
	kʲ i l ɔ ɡ r a m 
	kʲ i l ɔ k r a m
kilogram 
	kʲ i l ɔ ɡ r a m 
	kʲ i l ɔ k r a m
kilometrów 
	kʲ i l ɔ m ɛ t r u f 
	kʲ i l ɔ m ɛ t r u v
kilometrówka 
	kʲ i l ɔ m ɛ t r u f k a 
	kʲ i l ɔ m ɛ t r u v k a
kilowatogodzina 
	kʲ i l ɔ v a t ɔ ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ i n a 
	kʲ i l ɔ v a t ɔ g ɔ d ʑ i n a
kiosk 
	kʲ j ɔ s k 
	kʲ i ɔ s k
kiosk 
	kʲ j ɔ s k 
	kʲ i ɔ s k
kiszkę 
	kʲ i ʂ k ɛ 
	kʲ i ʂ k ɛ~
kicie 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
kicie 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
kitę 
	kʲ i t ɛ 
	kʲ i t ɛ~
kicie 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
kicie 
	kʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	kʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
kitów 
	kʲ i t u f 
	kʲ i t u v
kłąb 
	k w ɔ m p 
	k w ɔ̃ p
kłąb 
	k w ɔ m p 
	k w ɔ̃ p
klaczach 
	k l a t͡ʂ a x 
	g l a t͡ʂ a x
klaczami 
	k l a t͡ʂ a mʲ i 
	g l a t͡ʂ a mʲ i
klaczą 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɔ̃ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɔ̃
klacze 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɛ
klacze 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɛ
klacze 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɛ
klacz 
	k l a t͡ʂ 
	g l a t͡ʂ
klacz 
	k l a t͡ʂ 
	g l a t͡ʂ
klaczom 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɔ m 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɔ m
klaczy 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɨ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɨ
klaczy 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɨ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɨ
klaczy 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɨ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɨ
klaczy 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɨ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɨ
klaczy 
	k l a t͡ʂ ɨ 
	g l a t͡ʂ ɨ
klakson 
	k l a k s ɔ n 
	g l a k s ɔ n
klakson 
	k l a k s ɔ n 
	g l a k s ɔ n
klamka 
	k l a m k a 
	g l a m k a
kłamstwa 
	k w a m s t f a 
	k w a m s d v a
kłamstwa 
	k w a m s t f a 
	k w a m s d v a
kłamstwa 
	k w a m s t f a 
	k w a m s d v a
kłamstwa 
	k w a m s t f a 
	k w a m s d v a
klan 
	k l a n 
	g l a n
klan 
	k l a n 
	g l a n
klarnet 
	k l a r n ɛ t 
	g l a r n ɛ t
klarnet 
	k l a r n ɛ t 
	g l a r n ɛ t
klasa 
	k l a s a 
	g l a s a
klasie 
	k l a ɕ ɛ 
	g l a ɕ i ɛ
klasie 
	k l a ɕ ɛ 
	g l a ɕ i ɛ
klasy 
	k l a s ɨ 
	g l a s ɨ
klasy 
	k l a s ɨ 
	g l a s ɨ
klasy 
	k l a s ɨ 
	g l a s ɨ
klasy 
	k l a s ɨ 
	g l a s ɨ
klasycyzm 
	k l a s ɨ t͡s ɨ z m 
	g l a s ɨ t͡s ɨ z m
klasycyzm 
	k l a s ɨ t͡s ɨ z m 
	g l a s ɨ t͡s ɨ z m
klasyfikacja 
	k l a s ɨ fʲ i k a t͡s j a 
	g l a s ɨ fʲ i k a t͡s j a
klasztor 
	k l a ʂ t ɔ r 
	g l a ʂ t ɔ r
klasztor 
	k l a ʂ t ɔ r 
	g l a ʂ t ɔ r
klatce 
	k l a t t͡s ɛ 
	g l a t t͡s ɛ
klatce 
	k l a t t͡s ɛ 
	g l a t t͡s ɛ
klatek 
	k l a t ɛ k 
	g l a t ɛ k
klatką 
	k l a t k ɔ̃ 
	g l a t k ɔ̃
klatka 
	k l a t k a 
	g l a t k a
klatkę 
	k l a t k ɛ 
	g l a t k ɛ~
klatki 
	k l a t kʲ i 
	g l a t kʲ i
klatki 
	k l a t kʲ i 
	g l a t kʲ i
klatki 
	k l a t kʲ i 
	g l a t kʲ i
klatki 
	k l a t kʲ i 
	g l a t kʲ i
klatko 
	k l a t k ɔ 
	g l a t k ɔ
klątwa 
	k l ɔ n t f a 
	g l ɔ̃ d v a
klaun 
	k l a w n 
	g l a u n
klawesyn 
	k l a v ɛ s ɨ n 
	g l a v ɛ s ɨ n
klawesyn 
	k l a v ɛ s ɨ n 
	g l a v ɛ s ɨ n
klawiatura 
	k l a vʲ a t u r a 
	g l a vʲ i a t u r a
klawisz 
	k l a vʲ i ʂ 
	g l a vʲ i ʂ
klawisz 
	k l a vʲ i ʂ 
	g l a vʲ i ʂ
kłębek 
	k w ɛ m b ɛ k 
	k w ɛ~b ɛ k
kłębek 
	k w ɛ m b ɛ k 
	k w ɛ~b ɛ k
klecha 
	k l ɛ x a 
	g l ɛ x a
klecią 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
klecie 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
klecie 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
klecie 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kleci 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i
kleci 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i
kleci 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i
kleci 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i
kleci 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	g l ɛ t͡sʲ i
kleć 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ 
	g l ɛ t͡ʂ
kleć 
	k l ɛ t͡ɕ 
	g l ɛ t͡ʂ
klej 
	k l ɛ j 
	g l ɛ j
klej 
	k l ɛ j 
	g l ɛ j
klępa 
	k l ɛ m p a 
	g l ɛ~p a
klęsce 
	k l ɛ̃ s t͡s ɛ 
	g l ɛ~s t͡s ɛ
klęsce 
	k l ɛ̃ s t͡s ɛ 
	g l ɛ~s t͡s ɛ
klęskach 
	k l ɛ̃ s k a x 
	g l ɛ~s k a x
klęska 
	k l ɛ̃ s k a 
	g l ɛ~s k a
klęskę 
	k l ɛ̃ s k ɛ 
	g l ɛ~s k ɛ~
klęski 
	k l ɛ̃ s kʲ i 
	g l ɛ~s kʲ i
klęski 
	k l ɛ̃ s kʲ i 
	g l ɛ~s kʲ i
klęski 
	k l ɛ̃ s kʲ i 
	g l ɛ~s kʲ i
klęski 
	k l ɛ̃ s kʲ i 
	g l ɛ~s kʲ i
klęsk 
	k l ɛ̃ s k 
	g l ɛ~s k
klęskom 
	k l ɛ̃ s k ɔ m 
	g l ɛ~s k ɔ m
klęsko 
	k l ɛ̃ s k ɔ 
	g l ɛ~s k ɔ
kleszcze 
	k l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ
kleszcze 
	k l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ
kleszcze 
	k l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ
kleszcz 
	k l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ 
	g l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ
klice 
	k lʲ i t͡s ɛ 
	g lʲ i t͡s ɛ
klice 
	k lʲ i t͡s ɛ 
	g lʲ i t͡s ɛ
klikach 
	k lʲ i k a x 
	g lʲ i k a x
klikami 
	k lʲ i k a mʲ i 
	g lʲ i k a mʲ i
klika 
	k lʲ i k a 
	g lʲ i k a
klik 
	k lʲ i k 
	g lʲ i k
klimat 
	k lʲ i m a t 
	g lʲ i m a t
klimat 
	k lʲ i m a t 
	g lʲ i m a t
klimatyzacja 
	k lʲ i m a t ɨ z a t͡s j a 
	g lʲ i m a t ɨ z a t͡s j a
klinga 
	k lʲ i n ɡ a 
	g lʲ i n g a
klinach 
	k lʲ i n a x 
	g lʲ i n a x
klinami 
	k lʲ i n a mʲ i 
	g lʲ i n a mʲ i
klinem 
	k lʲ i n ɛ m 
	g lʲ i n ɛ m
klinie 
	k lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	g lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
klinie 
	k lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	g lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
klin 
	k lʲ i n 
	g lʲ i n
klin 
	k lʲ i n 
	g lʲ i n
klinom 
	k lʲ i n ɔ m 
	g lʲ i n ɔ m
klinowi 
	k lʲ i n ɔ vʲ i 
	g lʲ i n ɔ vʲ i
klinów 
	k lʲ i n u f 
	g lʲ i n u v
kliny 
	k lʲ i n ɨ 
	g lʲ i n ɨ
kliny 
	k lʲ i n ɨ 
	g lʲ i n ɨ
kliny 
	k lʲ i n ɨ 
	g lʲ i n ɨ
kliper 
	k lʲ i p ɛ r 
	g lʲ i p ɛ r
kliper 
	k lʲ i p ɛ r 
	g lʲ i p ɛ r
kłodę 
	k w ɔ d ɛ 
	k w ɔ d ɛ~
kłodzie 
	k w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	k w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
kłodzie 
	k w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	k w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
klonach 
	k l ɔ n a x 
	g l ɔ n a x
klonami 
	k l ɔ n a mʲ i 
	g l ɔ n a mʲ i
klonem 
	k l ɔ n ɛ m 
	g l ɔ n ɛ m
klonie 
	k l ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	g l ɔ ɲ i ɛ
klonie 
	k l ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	g l ɔ ɲ i ɛ
klon 
	k l ɔ n 
	g l ɔ n
klon 
	k l ɔ n 
	g l ɔ n
klonom 
	k l ɔ n ɔ m 
	g l ɔ n ɔ m
klonowi 
	k l ɔ n ɔ vʲ i 
	g l ɔ n ɔ vʲ i
klonów 
	k l ɔ n u f 
	g l ɔ n u v
klonu 
	k l ɔ n u 
	g l ɔ n u
klony 
	k l ɔ n ɨ 
	g l ɔ n ɨ
klony 
	k l ɔ n ɨ 
	g l ɔ n ɨ
klony 
	k l ɔ n ɨ 
	g l ɔ n ɨ
klop 
	k l ɔ p 
	g l ɔ p
klop 
	k l ɔ p 
	g l ɔ p
kłopotów 
	k w ɔ p ɔ t u f 
	k w ɔ p ɔ t u v
klops 
	k l ɔ p s 
	g l ɔ p s
kłótnia 
	k w u t ɲ a 
	k w u d ɲ i a
klown 
	k l a w n 
	g l ɔ v n
klozet 
	k l ɔ z ɛ t 
	g l ɔ z ɛ t
klozet 
	k l ɔ z ɛ t 
	g l ɔ z ɛ t
klubie 
	k l u bʲ ɛ 
	g l u bʲ i ɛ
klubie 
	k l u bʲ ɛ 
	g l u bʲ i ɛ
klub 
	k l u p 
	g l u p
klub 
	k l u p 
	g l u p
klubu 
	k l u b u 
	g l u b u
klucze 
	k l u t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l u t͡ʂ ɛ
klucze 
	k l u t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l u t͡ʂ ɛ
klucze 
	k l u t͡ʂ ɛ 
	g l u t͡ʂ ɛ
klucz 
	k l u t͡ʂ 
	g l u t͡ʂ
klucz 
	k l u t͡ʂ 
	g l u t͡ʂ
klusek 
	k l u s ɛ k 
	g l u s ɛ k
kluskach 
	k l u s k a x 
	g l u s k a x
kluskami 
	k l u s k a mʲ i 
	g l u s k a mʲ i
kłykieć 
	k w ɨ kʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	k w ɨ kʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
kłykieć 
	k w ɨ kʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	k w ɨ kʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
knebel 
	k n ɛ b ɛ l 
	g n ɛ b ɛ l
knebel 
	k n ɛ b ɛ l 
	g n ɛ b ɛ l
kniahini 
	k ɲ a xʲ i ɲ i 
	g ɲ i a xʲ i ɲ i
kniahini 
	k ɲ a xʲ i ɲ i 
	g ɲ i a xʲ i ɲ i
kniahini 
	k ɲ a xʲ i ɲ i 
	g ɲ i a xʲ i ɲ i
kniahini 
	k ɲ a xʲ i ɲ i 
	g ɲ i a xʲ i ɲ i
kniahini 
	k ɲ a xʲ i ɲ i 
	g ɲ i a xʲ i ɲ i
kniaź 
	k ɲ a ɕ 
	g ɲ i a ɕ
knot 
	k n ɔ t 
	g n ɔ t
knot 
	k n ɔ t 
	g n ɔ t
knur 
	k n u r 
	g n u r
kobiecie 
	k ɔ bʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ bʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kobiecie 
	k ɔ bʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ bʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kobietach 
	k ɔ bʲ ɛ t a x 
	k ɔ bʲ i ɛ t a x
kobietą 
	k ɔ bʲ ɛ t ɔ̃ 
	k ɔ bʲ i ɛ t ɔ̃
kobiet 
	k ɔ bʲ ɛ t 
	k ɔ bʲ i ɛ t
kobietom 
	k ɔ bʲ ɛ t ɔ m 
	k ɔ bʲ i ɛ t ɔ m
kobieto 
	k ɔ bʲ ɛ t ɔ 
	k ɔ bʲ i ɛ t ɔ
kobra 
	k ɔ b r a 
	k ɔ p r a
kochanie 
	k ɔ x a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ x a ɲ i ɛ
kochanie 
	k ɔ x a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ x a ɲ i ɛ
kochanie 
	k ɔ x a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ x a ɲ i ɛ
kociak 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ a k 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i a k
kocica 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ i t͡s a 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i t͡s a
kocię 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ~
kocię 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ~
kocię 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ~
kociokwik 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ k fʲ i k 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ g vʲ i k
kociokwik 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ k fʲ i k 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ g vʲ i k
kociołek 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ w ɛ k 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ w ɛ k
kociołek 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ w ɛ k 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ w ɛ k
kocioł 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ w 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ w
kocioł 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ w 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ w
kotle 
	k ɔ t l ɛ 
	k ɔ d l ɛ
kotle 
	k ɔ t l ɛ 
	k ɔ d l ɛ
kognitywizm 
	k ɔ ɡ ɲ i t ɨ vʲ i z m 
	k ɔ g ɲ i t ɨ vʲ i z m
kognitywizm 
	k ɔ ɡ ɲ i t ɨ vʲ i z m 
	k ɔ g ɲ i t ɨ vʲ i z m
kogucik 
	k ɔ ɡ u t͡ɕ i k 
	k ɔ g u t͡sʲ i k
kogut 
	k ɔ ɡ u t 
	k ɔ g u t
kołdra 
	k ɔ w d r a 
	k ɔ w t r a
kolców 
	k ɔ l t͡s u f 
	k ɔ l t͡s u v
kolędami 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d a mʲ i 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d a mʲ i
kolęda 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d a 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d a
kolędę 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d ɛ 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d ɛ~
kolędo 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d ɔ 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d ɔ
kolędy 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d ɨ 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d ɨ
kolędy 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d ɨ 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d ɨ
kolędy 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d ɨ 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d ɨ
kolędy 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d ɨ 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d ɨ
kolędzie 
	k ɔ l ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
kolędzie 
	k ɔ l ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	k ɔ l ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
koledzy 
	k ɔ l ɛ d͡z ɨ 
	k ɔ l ɛ d z ɨ
koledzy 
	k ɔ l ɛ d͡z ɨ 
	k ɔ l ɛ d z ɨ
kolega 
	k ɔ l ɛ ɡ a 
	k ɔ l ɛ g a
kolekcjonowanie 
	k ɔ l ɛ k t͡s j ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ l ɛ k t͡s j ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
kolekcjonowanie 
	k ɔ l ɛ k t͡s j ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ l ɛ k t͡s j ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
kolekcjonowanie 
	k ɔ l ɛ k t͡s j ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ l ɛ k t͡s j ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
kolendra 
	k ɔ l ɛ n d r a 
	k ɔ l ɛ n t r a
kołnierz 
	k ɔ w ɲ ɛ ʂ 
	k ɔ w ɲ i ɛ ʂ
kołnierz 
	k ɔ w ɲ ɛ ʂ 
	k ɔ w ɲ i ɛ ʂ
kołodziej 
	k ɔ w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ j 
	k ɔ w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ j
kolonia 
	k ɔ l ɔ ɲ j a 
	k ɔ l ɔ ɲ i a
kolumbarium 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ j u m 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ i u m
kolumbarium 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ j u m 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ i u m
kolumbarium 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ j u m 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ i u m
kolumbarium 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ j u m 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ i u m
kolumbarium 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ j u m 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ i u m
kolumbarium 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ j u m 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ i u m
kolumbarium 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ j u m 
	k ɔ l u m b a rʲ i u m
komarów 
	k ɔ m a r u f 
	k ɔ m a r u v
komedia 
	k ɔ m ɛ d j a 
	k ɔ m ɛ dʲ i a
komentowanie 
	k ɔ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
komentowanie 
	k ɔ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
komentowanie 
	k ɔ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
kominiarka 
	k ɔ mʲ i ɲ a r k a 
	k ɔ mʲ i ɲ i a r k a
kominiarz 
	k ɔ mʲ i ɲ a ʂ 
	k ɔ mʲ i ɲ i a ʂ
kompresja 
	k ɔ m p r ɛ s j a 
	k ɔ m p r ɛ z j a
kondensator 
	k ɔ n d ɛ̃ s a t ɔ r 
	k ɔ n d ɛ n s a t ɔ r
kondensator 
	k ɔ n d ɛ̃ s a t ɔ r 
	k ɔ n d ɛ n s a t ɔ r
kondygnacja 
	k ɔ n d ɨ ɡ n a t͡s j a 
	k ɔ n d ɨ g n a t͡s j a
konewka 
	k ɔ n ɛ f k a 
	k ɔ n ɛ v k a
konferencja 
	k ɔ̃ f ɛ r ɛ n t͡s j a 
	k ɔ n f ɛ r ɛ n t͡s j a
konfitura 
	k ɔ̃ fʲ i t u r a 
	k ɔ n fʲ i t u r a
konflikt 
	k ɔ̃ f lʲ i k t 
	k ɔ n v lʲ i k t
konflikt 
	k ɔ̃ f lʲ i k t 
	k ɔ n v lʲ i k t
konformista 
	k ɔ̃ f ɔ r mʲ i s t a 
	k ɔ n f ɔ r mʲ i s t a
konformizm 
	k ɔ̃ f ɔ r mʲ i z m 
	k ɔ n f ɔ r mʲ i z m
konformizm 
	k ɔ̃ f ɔ r mʲ i z m 
	k ɔ n f ɔ r mʲ i z m
kongres 
	k ɔ ŋ ɡ r ɛ s 
	k ɔ n k r ɛ s
kongres 
	k ɔ ŋ ɡ r ɛ s 
	k ɔ n k r ɛ s
koniak 
	k ɔ ɲ a k 
	k ɔ ɲ i a k
koniak 
	k ɔ ɲ a k 
	k ɔ ɲ i a k
koniugacja 
	k ɔ ɲ u ɡ a t͡s j a 
	k ɔ ɲ i u g a t͡s j a
koniunkcja 
	k ɔ ɲ u n k t͡s j a 
	k ɔ ɲ i u n k t͡s j a
konkordat 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ r d a t 
	k ɔ n k ɔ r d a t
konkordat 
	k ɔ ŋ k ɔ r d a t 
	k ɔ n k ɔ r d a t
konkubina 
	k ɔ ŋ k u bʲ i n a 
	k ɔ n k u bʲ i n a
konkubin 
	k ɔ ŋ k u bʲ i n 
	k ɔ n k u bʲ i n
konkurowanie 
	k ɔ n k u r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ n k u r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
konkurowanie 
	k ɔ n k u r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ n k u r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
konkurowanie 
	k ɔ n k u r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ n k u r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
konkurs 
	k ɔ ŋ k u r s 
	k ɔ n k u r s
konkurs 
	k ɔ ŋ k u r s 
	k ɔ n k u r s
konopia 
	k ɔ n ɔ pʲ a 
	k ɔ n ɔ pʲ i a
konopie 
	k ɔ n ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	k ɔ n ɔ pʲ i ɛ
konopie 
	k ɔ n ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	k ɔ n ɔ pʲ i ɛ
konopie 
	k ɔ n ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	k ɔ n ɔ pʲ i ɛ
konsekwencja 
	k ɔ̃ s ɛ k f ɛ n t͡s j a 
	k ɔ n s ɛ g v ɛ n t͡s j a
konsensus 
	k ɔ̃ s ɛ̃ s u s 
	k ɔ n s ɛ n s u s
konsensus 
	k ɔ̃ s ɛ̃ s u s 
	k ɔ n s ɛ n s u s
konserwa 
	k ɔ̃ s ɛ r v a 
	k ɔ n s ɛ r v a
konserwant 
	k ɔ̃ s ɛ r v a n t 
	k ɔ n s ɛ r v a n t
konserwant 
	k ɔ̃ s ɛ r v a n t 
	k ɔ n s ɛ r v a n t
konsolidator 
	k ɔ̃ s ɔ lʲ i d a t ɔ r 
	k ɔ n s ɔ lʲ i d a t ɔ r
konsolidator 
	k ɔ̃ s ɔ lʲ i d a t ɔ r 
	k ɔ n s ɔ lʲ i d a t ɔ r
konspiracja 
	k ɔ̃ s pʲ i r a t͡s j a 
	k ɔ n s pʲ i r a t͡s j a
konstantynopolitańczyk 
	k ɔ̃ s t a n t ɨ n ɔ p ɔ lʲ i t a ɲ t͡ʂ ɨ k 
	k ɔ n s t a n t ɨ n ɔ p ɔ lʲ i t a ɲ t͡ʂ ɨ k
konstelacja 
	k ɔ̃ s t ɛ l a t͡s j a 
	k ɔ n s t ɛ l a t͡s j a
konstytucja 
	k ɔ̃ s t ɨ t u t͡s j a 
	k ɔ n s t ɨ t u t͡s j a
konstytucjonalizm 
	k ɔ̃ s t ɨ t u t͡s j ɔ n a lʲ i z m 
	k ɔ n s t ɨ t u t͡s j ɔ n a lʲ i z m
konstytucjonalizm 
	k ɔ̃ s t ɨ t u t͡s j ɔ n a lʲ i z m 
	k ɔ n s t ɨ t u t͡s j ɔ n a lʲ i z m
konsulat 
	k ɔ̃ s u l a t 
	k ɔ n s u l a t
konsulat 
	k ɔ̃ s u l a t 
	k ɔ n s u l a t
koncie 
	k ɔ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
kontrafagot 
	k ɔ n t r a f a ɡ ɔ t 
	k ɔ n t r a f a g ɔ t
kontrafagot 
	k ɔ n t r a f a ɡ ɔ t 
	k ɔ n t r a f a g ɔ t
kontrolę 
	k ɔ n t r ɔ l ɛ 
	k ɔ n t r ɔ l ɛ~
kontrprzykład 
	k ɔ n t r p ʂ ɨ k w a t 
	k ɔ n t r p ʐ ɨ k w a t
kontrprzykład 
	k ɔ n t r p ʂ ɨ k w a t 
	k ɔ n t r p ʐ ɨ k w a t
konwalia 
	k ɔ̃ v a lʲ a 
	k ɔ n v a lʲ i a
konwalijka 
	k ɔ̃ v a lʲ i j k a 
	k ɔ n v a lʲ i j k a
kopę 
	k ɔ p ɛ 
	k ɔ p ɛ~
kopie 
	k ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	k ɔ pʲ i ɛ
kopie 
	k ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	k ɔ pʲ i ɛ
kopalnia 
	k ɔ p a l ɲ a 
	k ɔ p a l ɲ i a
kopciuszek 
	k ɔ p t͡ɕ u ʂ ɛ k 
	k ɔ p t͡sʲ i u ʂ ɛ k
koprze 
	k ɔ p ʂ ɛ 
	k ɔ p ʐ ɛ
koprze 
	k ɔ p ʂ ɛ 
	k ɔ p ʐ ɛ
kopców 
	k ɔ p t͡s u f 
	k ɔ p t͡s u v
kopiec 
	k ɔ pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k ɔ pʲ i ɛ t͡s
kopiec 
	k ɔ pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k ɔ pʲ i ɛ t͡s
kopnięcie 
	k ɔ p ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ b ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
kopnięcie 
	k ɔ p ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ b ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
kopnięcie 
	k ɔ p ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ b ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
korkociąg 
	k ɔ r k ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	k ɔ r k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
korkociąg 
	k ɔ r k ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	k ɔ r k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
koronę 
	k ɔ r ɔ n ɛ 
	k ɔ r ɔ n ɛ~
koronie 
	k ɔ r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
koronie 
	k ɔ r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	k ɔ r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
korzyść 
	k ɔ ʐ ɨ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	k ɔ ʐ ɨ ɕ t͡ʂ
korzyść 
	k ɔ ʐ ɨ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	k ɔ ʐ ɨ ɕ t͡ʂ
kosaciec 
	k ɔ s a t͡ɕ ɛ t͡s 
	k ɔ s a t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡s
kościele 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ
kościele 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ
kościoła 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ w a 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ w a
kościół 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ u w 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i u w
kościół 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ u w 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i u w
kością 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
kości 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
kości 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
kości 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
kości 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
kości 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
kości 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
kości 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
kości 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
kość 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
kość 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
kosiarce 
	k ɔ ɕ a r t͡s ɛ 
	k ɔ ɕ i a r t͡s ɛ
kosiarce 
	k ɔ ɕ a r t͡s ɛ 
	k ɔ ɕ i a r t͡s ɛ
kosiarkach 
	k ɔ ɕ a r k a x 
	k ɔ ɕ i a r k a x
kosiarką 
	k ɔ ɕ a r k ɔ̃ 
	k ɔ ɕ i a r k ɔ̃
kosiarka 
	k ɔ ɕ a r k a 
	k ɔ ɕ i a r k a
kosiarz 
	k ɔ ɕ a ʂ 
	k ɔ ɕ i a ʂ
kosie 
	k ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ ɕ i ɛ
kosie 
	k ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ ɕ i ɛ
kosów 
	k ɔ s u f 
	k ɔ s u v
kosmonauta 
	k ɔ s m ɔ n a w t a 
	k ɔ z m ɔ n a u t a
kosmonautka 
	k ɔ s m ɔ n a w t k a 
	k ɔ z m ɔ n a u t k a
kosmopolita 
	k ɔ s m ɔ p ɔ lʲ i t a 
	k ɔ z m ɔ p ɔ lʲ i t a
kosmyk 
	k ɔ s m ɨ k 
	k ɔ z m ɨ k
kosmyk 
	k ɔ s m ɨ k 
	k ɔ z m ɨ k
kostnica 
	k ɔ s t ɲ i t͡s a 
	k ɔ s d ɲ i t͡s a
koszmar 
	k ɔ ʂ m a r 
	k ɔ ʐ m a r
koszmar 
	k ɔ ʂ m a r 
	k ɔ ʐ m a r
koszulę 
	k ɔ ʂ u l ɛ 
	k ɔ ʂ u l ɛ~
kotkę 
	k ɔ t k ɛ 
	k ɔ t k ɛ~
kocie 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kocie 
	k ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kotów 
	k ɔ t u f 
	k ɔ t u v
kotlet 
	k ɔ t l ɛ t 
	k ɔ d l ɛ t
kotlet 
	k ɔ t l ɛ t 
	k ɔ d l ɛ t
kotłownia 
	k ɔ t w ɔ v ɲ a 
	k ɔ t w ɔ v ɲ i a
kotwica 
	k ɔ t fʲ i t͡s a 
	k ɔ d vʲ i t͡s a
kowariancja 
	k ɔ v a rʲ j a n t͡s j a 
	k ɔ v a rʲ i a n t͡s j a
kozę 
	k ɔ z ɛ 
	k ɔ z ɛ~
kozie 
	k ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	k ɔ ʑ i ɛ
kozie 
	k ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	k ɔ ʑ i ɛ
koziorożec 
	k ɔ ʑ ɔ r ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡s 
	k ɔ ʑ i ɔ r ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡s
kradzież 
	k r a d͡ʑ ɛ ʂ 
	k r a d ʑ i ɛ ʂ
kradzież 
	k r a d͡ʑ ɛ ʂ 
	k r a d ʑ i ɛ ʂ
krąg 
	k r ɔ ŋ k 
	k r ɔ̃ k
krąg 
	k r ɔ ŋ k 
	k r ɔ̃ k
kręgach 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ a x 
	k r ɛ~g a x
kręgiem 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	k r ɛ~gʲ i ɛ m
kręgi 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	k r ɛ~gʲ i
kręgi 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	k r ɛ~gʲ i
kręgi 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	k r ɛ~gʲ i
kręgom 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ m 
	k r ɛ~g ɔ m
kręgowi 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	k r ɛ~g ɔ vʲ i
kręgów 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ u f 
	k r ɛ~g u v
kręgu 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ u 
	k r ɛ~g u
kręgu 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ u 
	k r ɛ~g u
kręgu 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ u 
	k r ɛ~g u
krainie 
	k r a i ɲ ɛ 
	k r a i ɲ i ɛ
krainie 
	k r a i ɲ ɛ 
	k r a i ɲ i ɛ
krajanie 
	k r a j a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a j a ɲ i ɛ
krajanie 
	k r a j a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a j a ɲ i ɛ
krajanie 
	k r a j a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a j a ɲ i ɛ
krajanie 
	k r a j a ɲ ɛ 
	k r a j a ɲ i ɛ
krajów 
	k r a j u f 
	k r a j u v
krajobraz 
	k r a j ɔ b r a s 
	k r a j ɔ p r a s
krajobraz 
	k r a j ɔ b r a s 
	k r a j ɔ p r a s
krajzega 
	k r a j z ɛ ɡ a 
	k r a j z ɛ g a
krasę 
	k r a s ɛ 
	k r a s ɛ~
krasie 
	k r a ɕ ɛ 
	k r a ɕ i ɛ
krasie 
	k r a ɕ ɛ 
	k r a ɕ i ɛ
krasnale 
	k r a s n a l ɛ 
	k r a z n a l ɛ
krasnale 
	k r a s n a l ɛ 
	k r a z n a l ɛ
krasnale 
	k r a s n a l ɛ 
	k r a z n a l ɛ
krasnal 
	k r a s n a l 
	k r a z n a l
krasnodrzew 
	k r a s n ɔ d ʐ ɛ f 
	k r a z n ɔ d ʐ ɛ v
krasnodrzew 
	k r a s n ɔ d ʐ ɛ f 
	k r a z n ɔ d ʐ ɛ v
kracie 
	k r a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k r a t͡sʲ i ɛ
kracie 
	k r a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	k r a t͡sʲ i ɛ
kratę 
	k r a t ɛ 
	k r a t ɛ~
krawcowa 
	k r a f t͡s ɔ v a 
	k r a v t͡s ɔ v a
krawców 
	k r a f t͡s u f 
	k r a v t͡s u v
krawców 
	k r a f t͡s u f 
	k r a v t͡s u v
krawiec 
	k r a vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k r a vʲ i ɛ t͡s
kręgiel 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ l 
	k r ɛ~gʲ i ɛ l
kręgiel 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ l 
	k r ɛ~gʲ i ɛ l
kręgle 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ 
	k r ɛ~g l ɛ
kręgle 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ 
	k r ɛ~g l ɛ
kręgle 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ 
	k r ɛ~g l ɛ
kręgle 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ 
	k r ɛ~g l ɛ
kręgle 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ 
	k r ɛ~g l ɛ
kręgle 
	k r ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ 
	k r ɛ~g l ɛ
krematorium 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ i u m
krematorium 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ i u m
krematorium 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ i u m
krematorium 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ i u m
krematorium 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ i u m
krematorium 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ i u m
krematorium 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɛ m a t ɔ rʲ i u m
kreskę 
	k r ɛ s k ɛ 
	k r ɛ s k ɛ~
kreskówka 
	k r ɛ s k u f k a 
	k r ɛ s k u v k a
kresie 
	k r ɛ ɕ ɛ 
	k r ɛ ɕ i ɛ
kresie 
	k r ɛ ɕ ɛ 
	k r ɛ ɕ i ɛ
kretów 
	k r ɛ t u f 
	k r ɛ t u v
krętogłów 
	k r ɛ n t ɔ ɡ w u f 
	k r ɛ~t ɔ g w u v
krogulec 
	k r ɔ ɡ u l ɛ t͡s 
	k r ɔ g u l ɛ t͡s
krokiem 
	k r ɔ kʲ ɛ m 
	k r ɔ kʲ i ɛ m
kroków 
	k r ɔ k u f 
	k r ɔ k u v
królestwo 
	k r u l ɛ s t f ɔ 
	k r u l ɛ s d v ɔ
królestwo 
	k r u l ɛ s t f ɔ 
	k r u l ɛ s d v ɔ
królestwo 
	k r u l ɛ s t f ɔ 
	k r u l ɛ s d v ɔ
królikarnia 
	k r u lʲ i k a r ɲ a 
	k r u lʲ i k a r ɲ i a
kroplach 
	k r ɔ p l a x 
	k r ɔ b l a x
kroplą 
	k r ɔ p l ɔ̃ 
	k r ɔ b l ɔ̃
kropla 
	k r ɔ p l a 
	k r ɔ b l a
kroplę 
	k r ɔ p l ɛ 
	k r ɔ b l ɛ~
kropli 
	k r ɔ p lʲ i 
	k r ɔ b lʲ i
kropli 
	k r ɔ p lʲ i 
	k r ɔ b lʲ i
kropli 
	k r ɔ p lʲ i 
	k r ɔ b lʲ i
kropli 
	k r ɔ p lʲ i 
	k r ɔ b lʲ i
kroplo 
	k r ɔ p l ɔ 
	k r ɔ b l ɔ
krosien 
	k r ɔ ɕ ɛ n 
	k r ɔ ɕ i ɛ n
krośnie 
	k r ɔ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	k r ɔ ʑ ɲ i ɛ
krosno 
	k r ɔ s n ɔ 
	k r ɔ z n ɔ
krosno 
	k r ɔ s n ɔ 
	k r ɔ z n ɔ
krosno 
	k r ɔ s n ɔ 
	k r ɔ z n ɔ
krosnu 
	k r ɔ s n u 
	k r ɔ z n u
krótkofalówka 
	k r u t k ɔ f a l u f k a 
	k r u t k ɔ f a l u v k a
krowę 
	k r ɔ v ɛ 
	k r ɔ v ɛ~
krowie 
	k r ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	k r ɔ vʲ i ɛ
krowie 
	k r ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	k r ɔ vʲ i ɛ
krów 
	k r u f 
	k r u v
krowianka 
	k r ɔ vʲ a n k a 
	k r ɔ vʲ i a n k a
krówkach 
	k r u f k a x 
	k r u v k a x
krówką 
	k r u f k ɔ̃ 
	k r u v k ɔ̃
krówka 
	k r u f k a 
	k r u v k a
krówki 
	k r u f kʲ i 
	k r u v kʲ i
krówki 
	k r u f kʲ i 
	k r u v kʲ i
krówki 
	k r u f kʲ i 
	k r u v kʲ i
krówki 
	k r u f kʲ i 
	k r u v kʲ i
krówkom 
	k r u f k ɔ m 
	k r u v k ɔ m
krukiem 
	k r u kʲ ɛ m 
	k r u kʲ i ɛ m
kruków 
	k r u k u f 
	k r u k u v
krupę 
	k r u p ɛ 
	k r u p ɛ~
krupie 
	k r u pʲ ɛ 
	k r u pʲ i ɛ
krupie 
	k r u pʲ ɛ 
	k r u pʲ i ɛ
krupnik 
	k r u p ɲ i k 
	k r u b ɲ i k
krupnik 
	k r u p ɲ i k 
	k r u b ɲ i k
kryjówka 
	k r ɨ j u f k a 
	k r ɨ j u v k a
kryterium 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ i u m
kryterium 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ i u m
kryterium 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ i u m
kryterium 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ i u m
kryterium 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ i u m
kryterium 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ i u m
kryterium 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ j u m 
	k r ɨ t ɛ rʲ i u m
krzaki 
	k ʂ a kʲ i 
	k ʐ a kʲ i
krzaki 
	k ʂ a kʲ i 
	k ʐ a kʲ i
krzaki 
	k ʂ a kʲ i 
	k ʐ a kʲ i
krzak 
	k ʂ a k 
	k ʐ a k
krzak 
	k ʂ a k 
	k ʐ a k
krzeczot 
	k ʂ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ t 
	k ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ t
krzemian 
	k ʂ ɛ mʲ a n 
	k ʐ ɛ mʲ i a n
krzemian 
	k ʂ ɛ mʲ a n 
	k ʐ ɛ mʲ i a n
krzemień 
	k ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	k ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ
krzemień 
	k ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	k ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ
krzemionka 
	k ʂ ɛ mʲ ɔ n k a 
	k ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɔ n k a
krzem 
	k ʂ ɛ m 
	k ʐ ɛ m
krzem 
	k ʂ ɛ m 
	k ʐ ɛ m
krzemowi 
	k ʂ ɛ m ɔ vʲ i 
	k ʐ ɛ m ɔ vʲ i
krzesełko 
	k ʂ ɛ s ɛ w k ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ s ɛ w k ɔ
krzesełko 
	k ʂ ɛ s ɛ w k ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ s ɛ w k ɔ
krzesełko 
	k ʂ ɛ s ɛ w k ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ s ɛ w k ɔ
krzesiwo 
	k ʂ ɛ ɕ i v ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ ɕ i v ɔ
krzesiwo 
	k ʂ ɛ ɕ i v ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ ɕ i v ɔ
krzesiwo 
	k ʂ ɛ ɕ i v ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ ɕ i v ɔ
krzeseł 
	k ʂ ɛ s ɛ w 
	k ʐ ɛ s ɛ w
krzesłach 
	k ʂ ɛ s w a x 
	k ʐ ɛ s w a x
krzesłami 
	k ʂ ɛ s w a mʲ i 
	k ʐ ɛ s w a mʲ i
krzesła 
	k ʂ ɛ s w a 
	k ʐ ɛ s w a
krzesła 
	k ʂ ɛ s w a 
	k ʐ ɛ s w a
krzesła 
	k ʂ ɛ s w a 
	k ʐ ɛ s w a
krzesła 
	k ʂ ɛ s w a 
	k ʐ ɛ s w a
krzesłem 
	k ʂ ɛ s w ɛ m 
	k ʐ ɛ s w ɛ m
krześle 
	k ʂ ɛ ɕ l ɛ 
	k ʐ ɛ ʑ l ɛ
krzesłom 
	k ʂ ɛ s w ɔ m 
	k ʐ ɛ s w ɔ m
krzesło 
	k ʂ ɛ s w ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ s w ɔ
krzesło 
	k ʂ ɛ s w ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ s w ɔ
krzesło 
	k ʂ ɛ s w ɔ 
	k ʐ ɛ s w ɔ
krzesłu 
	k ʂ ɛ s w u 
	k ʐ ɛ s w u
krzew 
	k ʂ ɛ f 
	k ʐ ɛ v
krzew 
	k ʂ ɛ f 
	k ʐ ɛ v
krzyk 
	k ʂ ɨ k 
	k ʐ ɨ k
krzyk 
	k ʂ ɨ k 
	k ʐ ɨ k
krzywą 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɔ̃ 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɔ̃
krzywą 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɔ̃ 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɔ̃
krzywa 
	k ʂ ɨ v a 
	k ʐ ɨ v a
krzywa 
	k ʂ ɨ v a 
	k ʐ ɨ v a
krzywej 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɛ j 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɛ j
krzywej 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɛ j 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɛ j
krzywej 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɛ j 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɛ j
krzywe 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɛ 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɛ
krzywe 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɛ 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɛ
krzywe 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɛ 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɛ
krzywym 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɨ m 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɨ m
krzywda 
	k ʂ ɨ v d a 
	k ʐ ɨ v d a
krzywdy 
	k ʂ ɨ v d ɨ 
	k ʐ ɨ v d ɨ
krzywdy 
	k ʂ ɨ v d ɨ 
	k ʐ ɨ v d ɨ
krzywdy 
	k ʂ ɨ v d ɨ 
	k ʐ ɨ v d ɨ
krzywdy 
	k ʂ ɨ v d ɨ 
	k ʐ ɨ v d ɨ
krzywoprzysięstwo 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɔ p ʂ ɨ ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɔ p ʐ ɨ ɕ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
krzywoprzysięstwo 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɔ p ʂ ɨ ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɔ p ʐ ɨ ɕ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
krzywoprzysięstwo 
	k ʂ ɨ v ɔ p ʂ ɨ ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	k ʐ ɨ v ɔ p ʐ ɨ ɕ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
krzyż 
	k ʂ ɨ ʂ 
	k ʐ ɨ ʂ
krzyż 
	k ʂ ɨ ʂ 
	k ʐ ɨ ʂ
krzyżmo 
	k ʂ ɨ ʐ m ɔ 
	k ʐ ɨ ʐ m ɔ
krzyżmo 
	k ʂ ɨ ʐ m ɔ 
	k ʐ ɨ ʐ m ɔ
krzyżmo 
	k ʂ ɨ ʐ m ɔ 
	k ʐ ɨ ʐ m ɔ
krzyżówka 
	k ʂ ɨ ʐ u f k a 
	k ʐ ɨ ʐ u v k a
krzyżyk 
	k ʂ ɨ ʐ ɨ k 
	k ʐ ɨ ʐ ɨ k
krzyżyk 
	k ʂ ɨ ʐ ɨ k 
	k ʐ ɨ ʐ ɨ k
kserowanie 
	k s ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k s ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
kserowanie 
	k s ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k s ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
kserowanie 
	k s ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	k s ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ksiądz 
	k ɕ ɔ n t͡s 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ t s
książeczka 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ k a
książąt 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ n t 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ̃ t
książąt 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ n t 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɔ̃ t
książę 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ~
książę 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ~
książętami 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ~t a mʲ i
książęta 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ n t a 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ~t a
książęta 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ n t a 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ~t a
księcia 
	k ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	k ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
księcia 
	k ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	k ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
księciu 
	k ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	k ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
księciu 
	k ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	k ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
książce 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ t͡s ɛ
książce 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ t͡s ɛ
książek 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ k 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ k
książkach 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ k a x 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ k a x
książką 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ k ɔ̃ 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ k ɔ̃
książka 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ k a 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ k a
książki 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ kʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ kʲ i
książki 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ kʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ kʲ i
książki 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ kʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ kʲ i
książki 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ kʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ kʲ i
książkom 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ k ɔ m 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ k ɔ m
książko 
	k ɕ ɔ̃ ʂ k ɔ 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ ʂ k ɔ
ksiąg 
	k ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	k ɕ i ɔ̃ k
księga 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ a 
	k ɕ i ɛ~g a
księgi 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɛ~gʲ i
księgi 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɛ~gʲ i
księgi 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɛ~gʲ i
księgi 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	k ɕ i ɛ~gʲ i
księgarnia 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ a r ɲ a 
	k ɕ i ɛ~g a r ɲ i a
księgowa 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ v a 
	k ɕ i ɛ~g ɔ v a
księgowy 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ v ɨ 
	k ɕ i ɛ~g ɔ v ɨ
księgowy 
	k ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ v ɨ 
	k ɕ i ɛ~g ɔ v ɨ
księstwo 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	k ɕ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
księstwo 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	k ɕ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
księstwo 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	k ɕ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
księżniczka 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k a 
	k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k a
księżyca 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s a 
	k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s a
księżyc 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s 
	k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s
księżyc 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s 
	k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s
księżycom 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s ɔ m 
	k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s ɔ m
księżyców 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s u f 
	k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s u v
księżycu 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s u 
	k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s u
księżycu 
	k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s u 
	k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s u
kuchnia 
	k u x ɲ a 
	k u x ɲ i a
kuców 
	k u t͡s u f 
	k u t͡s u v
kufle 
	k u f l ɛ 
	k u v l ɛ
kufle 
	k u f l ɛ 
	k u v l ɛ
kufle 
	k u f l ɛ 
	k u v l ɛ
kukurydza 
	k u k u r ɨ d͡z a 
	k u k u r ɨ d z a
kulę 
	k u l ɛ 
	k u l ɛ~
kumkwat 
	k u m k f a t 
	k u m g v a t
kumkwat 
	k u m k f a t 
	k u m g v a t
kumpla 
	k u m p l a 
	k u m b l a
kumpla 
	k u m p l a 
	k u m b l a
kumplem 
	k u m p l ɛ m 
	k u m b l ɛ m
kumple 
	k u m p l ɛ 
	k u m b l ɛ
kumple 
	k u m p l ɛ 
	k u m b l ɛ
kunę 
	k u n ɛ 
	k u n ɛ~
kunie 
	k u ɲ ɛ 
	k u ɲ i ɛ
kunie 
	k u ɲ ɛ 
	k u ɲ i ɛ
kupę 
	k u p ɛ 
	k u p ɛ~
kupie 
	k u pʲ ɛ 
	k u pʲ i ɛ
kupie 
	k u pʲ ɛ 
	k u pʲ i ɛ
kuprów 
	k u p r u f 
	k u p r u v
kuprze 
	k u p ʂ ɛ 
	k u p ʐ ɛ
kuprze 
	k u p ʂ ɛ 
	k u p ʐ ɛ
kupiec 
	k u pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	k u pʲ i ɛ t͡s
kurę 
	k u r ɛ 
	k u r ɛ~
kurcząt 
	k u r t͡ʂ ɔ n t 
	k u r t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t
kurczę 
	k u r t͡ʂ ɛ 
	k u r t͡ʂ ɛ~
kurczę 
	k u r t͡ʂ ɛ 
	k u r t͡ʂ ɛ~
kurczę 
	k u r t͡ʂ ɛ 
	k u r t͡ʂ ɛ~
kurkiem 
	k u r kʲ ɛ m 
	k u r kʲ i ɛ m
kurków 
	k u r k u f 
	k u r k u v
kurewstwo 
	k u r ɛ f s t f ɔ 
	k u r ɛ v s d v ɔ
kurewstwo 
	k u r ɛ f s t f ɔ 
	k u r ɛ v s d v ɔ
kurewstwo 
	k u r ɛ f s t f ɔ 
	k u r ɛ v s d v ɔ
kuriozum 
	k u rʲ j ɔ z u m 
	k u rʲ i ɔ z u m
kuriozum 
	k u rʲ j ɔ z u m 
	k u rʲ i ɔ z u m
kuriozum 
	k u rʲ j ɔ z u m 
	k u rʲ i ɔ z u m
kuriozum 
	k u rʲ j ɔ z u m 
	k u rʲ i ɔ z u m
kuriozum 
	k u rʲ j ɔ z u m 
	k u rʲ i ɔ z u m
kuriozum 
	k u rʲ j ɔ z u m 
	k u rʲ i ɔ z u m
kuriozum 
	k u rʲ j ɔ z u m 
	k u rʲ i ɔ z u m
kurkę 
	k u r k ɛ 
	k u r k ɛ~
kurów 
	k u r u f 
	k u r u v
kuroniówka 
	k u r ɔ ɲ u f k a 
	k u r ɔ ɲ i u v k a
kuropatwa 
	k u r ɔ p a t f a 
	k u r ɔ p a d v a
kurew 
	k u r ɛ f 
	k u r ɛ v
kurwie 
	k u r vʲ ɛ 
	k u r vʲ i ɛ
kurwie 
	k u r vʲ ɛ 
	k u r vʲ i ɛ
kurew 
	k u r ɛ f 
	k u r ɛ v
kurzawka 
	k u ʐ a f k a 
	k u ʐ a v k a
kurzyślad 
	k u ʐ ɨ ɕ l a t 
	k u ʐ ɨ ʑ l a t
kurzyślad 
	k u ʐ ɨ ɕ l a t 
	k u ʐ ɨ ʑ l a t
kusiciel 
	k u ɕ i t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	k u ɕ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l
kuśnierz 
	k u ɕ ɲ ɛ ʂ 
	k u ʑ ɲ i ɛ ʂ
kuszę 
	k u ʂ ɛ 
	k u ʂ ɛ~
kutia 
	k u t j a 
	k u tʲ i a
kuźnia 
	k u ʑ ɲ a 
	k u ʑ ɲ i a
kwadrans 
	k f a d r a n s 
	g v a t r a n s
kwadrans 
	k f a d r a n s 
	g v a t r a n s
kwadrat 
	k f a d r a t 
	g v a t r a t
kwadrat 
	k f a d r a t 
	g v a t r a t
kwadryga 
	k f a d r ɨ ɡ a 
	g v a t r ɨ g a
kwant 
	k f a n t 
	g v a n t
kwant 
	k f a n t 
	g v a n t
kwarc 
	k f a r t͡s 
	g v a r t͡s
kwarc 
	k f a r t͡s 
	g v a r t͡s
kwark 
	k f a r k 
	g v a r k
kwark 
	k f a r k 
	g v a r k
kwartał 
	k f a r t a w 
	g v a r t a w
kwartał 
	k f a r t a w 
	g v a r t a w
kwartet 
	k f a r t ɛ t 
	g v a r t ɛ t
kwartet 
	k f a r t ɛ t 
	g v a r t ɛ t
kwasach 
	k f a s a x 
	g v a s a x
kwasami 
	k f a s a mʲ i 
	g v a s a mʲ i
kwasem 
	k f a s ɛ m 
	g v a s ɛ m
kwasie 
	k f a ɕ ɛ 
	g v a ɕ i ɛ
kwasie 
	k f a ɕ ɛ 
	g v a ɕ i ɛ
kwas 
	k f a s 
	g v a s
kwas 
	k f a s 
	g v a s
kwasom 
	k f a s ɔ m 
	g v a s ɔ m
kwasowi 
	k f a s ɔ vʲ i 
	g v a s ɔ vʲ i
kwasów 
	k f a s u f 
	g v a s u v
kwasu 
	k f a s u 
	g v a s u
kwasy 
	k f a s ɨ 
	g v a s ɨ
kwasy 
	k f a s ɨ 
	g v a s ɨ
kwasy 
	k f a s ɨ 
	g v a s ɨ
kwasoród 
	k f a s ɔ r u t 
	g v a s ɔ r u t
kwasoród 
	k f a s ɔ r u t 
	g v a s ɔ r u t
kwaternion 
	k f a t ɛ r ɲ ɔ n 
	g v a t ɛ r ɲ i ɔ n
kwaternion 
	k f a t ɛ r ɲ ɔ n 
	g v a t ɛ r ɲ i ɔ n
kwazar 
	k f a z a r 
	g v a z a r
kwazar 
	k f a z a r 
	g v a z a r
kwiaciarka 
	k fʲ a t͡ɕ a r k a 
	g vʲ i a t͡sʲ i a r k a
kwiaciarnia 
	k fʲ a t͡ɕ a r ɲ a 
	g vʲ i a t͡sʲ i a r ɲ i a
kwiaciarz 
	k fʲ a t͡ɕ a ʂ 
	g vʲ i a t͡sʲ i a ʂ
kwiatek 
	k fʲ a t ɛ k 
	g vʲ i a t ɛ k
kwiatek 
	k fʲ a t ɛ k 
	g vʲ i a t ɛ k
kwiatach 
	k fʲ a t a x 
	g vʲ i a t a x
kwiatami 
	k fʲ a t a mʲ i 
	g vʲ i a t a mʲ i
kwiatem 
	k fʲ a t ɛ m 
	g vʲ i a t ɛ m
kwiat 
	k fʲ a t 
	g vʲ i a t
kwiat 
	k fʲ a t 
	g vʲ i a t
kwiatom 
	k fʲ a t ɔ m 
	g vʲ i a t ɔ m
kwiatowi 
	k fʲ a t ɔ vʲ i 
	g vʲ i a t ɔ vʲ i
kwiatów 
	k fʲ a t u f 
	g vʲ i a t u v
kwiatu 
	k fʲ a t u 
	g vʲ i a t u
kwiaty 
	k fʲ a t ɨ 
	g vʲ i a t ɨ
kwiaty 
	k fʲ a t ɨ 
	g vʲ i a t ɨ
kwiaty 
	k fʲ a t ɨ 
	g vʲ i a t ɨ
kwiecie 
	k fʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g vʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kwiecie 
	k fʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	g vʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
kwiatostan 
	k fʲ a t ɔ s t a n 
	g vʲ i a t ɔ s t a n
kwiatostan 
	k fʲ a t ɔ s t a n 
	g vʲ i a t ɔ s t a n
kwiatuszek 
	k fʲ a t u ʂ ɛ k 
	g vʲ i a t u ʂ ɛ k
kwiatuszek 
	k fʲ a t u ʂ ɛ k 
	g vʲ i a t u ʂ ɛ k
kwiczoł 
	k fʲ i t͡ʂ ɔ w 
	g vʲ i t͡ʂ ɔ w
kwiecień 
	k fʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	g vʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
kwiecień 
	k fʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	g vʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
kwietniach 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ a x 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i a x
kwietniami 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ a mʲ i 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i a mʲ i
kwietnia 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ a 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i a
kwietniem 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ ɛ m 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i ɛ m
kwietnie 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ ɛ 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i ɛ
kwietnie 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ ɛ 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i ɛ
kwietnie 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ ɛ 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i ɛ
kwietniom 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ ɔ m 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i ɔ m
kwietniowi 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
kwietniów 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ u f 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i u v
kwietniu 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ u 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i u
kwietniu 
	k fʲ ɛ t ɲ u 
	g vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i u
kwinta 
	k fʲ i n t a 
	g vʲ i n t a
kwota 
	k f ɔ t a 
	g v ɔ t a
łabądź 
	w a b ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	w a b ɔ̃ t ɕ
łabędziach 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ a x 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i a x
łabędziami 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ a mʲ i 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i a mʲ i
łabędzia 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ a 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i a
łabędzia 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ a 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i a
łabędziem 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ m 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ m
łabędzie 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
łabędzie 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
łabędzie 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
łabędzi 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i
łabędziom 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɔ m 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɔ m
łabędziowi 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɔ vʲ i 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɔ vʲ i
łabędziu 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ u 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i u
łabędziu 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ u 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i u
łabędziach 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ a x 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i a x
łabędziami 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ a mʲ i 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i a mʲ i
łabędzia 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ a 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i a
łabędzia 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ a 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i a
łabędziem 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ m 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ m
łabędzie 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
łabędzie 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
łabędzie 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
łabędzi 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i
łabędziom 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɔ m 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɔ m
łabędziowi 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɔ vʲ i 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i ɔ vʲ i
łabędziu 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ u 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i u
łabędziu 
	w a b ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ u 
	w a b ɛ~d ʑ i u
łabędź 
	w a b ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	w a b ɛ~t ɕ
label 
	l ɛ j b ɛ l 
	l a b ɛ l
label 
	l ɛ j b ɛ l 
	l a b ɛ l
labializacja 
	l a bʲ a lʲ i z a t͡s j a 
	l a bʲ i a lʲ i z a t͡s j a
laboratorium 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ i u m
laboratorium 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ i u m
laboratorium 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ i u m
laboratorium 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ i u m
laboratorium 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ i u m
laboratorium 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ i u m
laboratorium 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	l a b ɔ r a t ɔ rʲ i u m
łącza 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ a 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a
łącza 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ a 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a
łącza 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ a 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a
łącza 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ a 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a
łączem 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ m 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ m
łącze 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ
łącze 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ
łącze 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ
łączu 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ u 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ u
łączu 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ u 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ u
łączy 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɨ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɨ
łączce 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ
łączce 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ
łączkach 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ k a x 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a x
łączką 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ k ɔ̃ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k ɔ̃
łączka 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
łączkę 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k ɛ~
łączki 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
łączki 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
łączki 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
łączki 
	w ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
ladę 
	l a d ɛ 
	l a d ɛ~
ładę 
	w a d ɛ 
	w a d ɛ~
ladzie 
	l a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l a d ʑ i ɛ
ładzie 
	w a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w a d ʑ i ɛ
ladzie 
	l a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l a d ʑ i ɛ
ładzie 
	w a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w a d ʑ i ɛ
lądach 
	l ɔ n d a x 
	l ɔ̃ d a x
lądami 
	l ɔ n d a mʲ i 
	l ɔ̃ d a mʲ i
lądem 
	l ɔ n d ɛ m 
	l ɔ̃ d ɛ m
ląd 
	l ɔ n t 
	l ɔ̃ t
ląd 
	l ɔ n t 
	l ɔ̃ t
lądom 
	l ɔ n d ɔ m 
	l ɔ̃ d ɔ m
lądowi 
	l ɔ n d ɔ vʲ i 
	l ɔ̃ d ɔ vʲ i
lądów 
	l ɔ n d u f 
	l ɔ̃ d u v
lądu 
	l ɔ n d u 
	l ɔ̃ d u
lądy 
	l ɔ n d ɨ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɨ
lądy 
	l ɔ n d ɨ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɨ
lądy 
	l ɔ n d ɨ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɨ
lądzie 
	l ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
lądzie 
	l ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
ładowanie 
	w a d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	w a d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
lądowanie 
	l ɔ n d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ładowanie 
	w a d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	w a d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
lądowanie 
	l ɔ n d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ładowanie 
	w a d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	w a d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
lądowanie 
	l ɔ n d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
lądowisko 
	l ɔ n d ɔ vʲ i s k ɔ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɔ vʲ i s k ɔ
lądowisko 
	l ɔ n d ɔ vʲ i s k ɔ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɔ vʲ i s k ɔ
lądowisko 
	l ɔ n d ɔ vʲ i s k ɔ 
	l ɔ̃ d ɔ vʲ i s k ɔ
łagiew 
	w a ɡʲ ɛ f 
	w a gʲ i ɛ v
łagiew 
	w a ɡʲ ɛ f 
	w a gʲ i ɛ v
laguna 
	l a ɡ u n a 
	l a g u n a
łące 
	w ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
łące 
	w ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
łąkach 
	w ɔ ŋ k a x 
	w ɔ̃ k a x
łąkami 
	w ɔ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ k a mʲ i
łąką 
	w ɔ ŋ k ɔ̃ 
	w ɔ̃ k ɔ̃
łąka 
	w ɔ ŋ k a 
	w ɔ̃ k a
łąkę 
	w ɔ ŋ k ɛ 
	w ɔ̃ k ɛ~
łąki 
	w ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ kʲ i
łąki 
	w ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ kʲ i
łąki 
	w ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ kʲ i
łąki 
	w ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	w ɔ̃ kʲ i
łąk 
	w ɔ ŋ k 
	w ɔ̃ k
łąkom 
	w ɔ ŋ k ɔ m 
	w ɔ̃ k ɔ m
łąko 
	w ɔ ŋ k ɔ 
	w ɔ̃ k ɔ
lakier 
	l a kʲ ɛ r 
	l a kʲ i ɛ r
lakier 
	l a kʲ ɛ r 
	l a kʲ i ɛ r
łakomstwo 
	w a k ɔ m s t f ɔ 
	w a k ɔ m s d v ɔ
łakomstwo 
	w a k ɔ m s t f ɔ 
	w a k ɔ m s d v ɔ
łakomstwo 
	w a k ɔ m s t f ɔ 
	w a k ɔ m s d v ɔ
lalkę 
	l a l k ɛ 
	l a l k ɛ~
lampę 
	l a m p ɛ 
	l a m p ɛ~
lampie 
	l a m pʲ ɛ 
	l a m pʲ i ɛ
lampie 
	l a m pʲ ɛ 
	l a m pʲ i ɛ
langusta 
	l a n ɡ u s t a 
	l a n g u s t a
łaniach 
	w a ɲ a x 
	w a ɲ i a x
łaniami 
	w a ɲ a mʲ i 
	w a ɲ i a mʲ i
łanią 
	w a ɲ ɔ̃ 
	w a ɲ i ɔ̃
łania 
	w a ɲ a 
	w a ɲ i a
łanie 
	w a ɲ ɛ 
	w a ɲ i ɛ
łanię 
	w a ɲ ɛ 
	w a ɲ i ɛ~
łanie 
	w a ɲ ɛ 
	w a ɲ i ɛ
łanie 
	w a ɲ ɛ 
	w a ɲ i ɛ
łaniom 
	w a ɲ ɔ m 
	w a ɲ i ɔ m
łanio 
	w a ɲ ɔ 
	w a ɲ i ɔ
lantanowiec 
	l a n t a n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l a n t a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
lantanowiec 
	l a n t a n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l a n t a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
łapę 
	w a p ɛ 
	w a p ɛ~
łapie 
	w a pʲ ɛ 
	w a pʲ i ɛ
łapie 
	w a pʲ ɛ 
	w a pʲ i ɛ
łapówce 
	w a p u f t͡s ɛ 
	w a p u v t͡s ɛ
łapówce 
	w a p u f t͡s ɛ 
	w a p u v t͡s ɛ
łapówkach 
	w a p u f k a x 
	w a p u v k a x
łapówkami 
	w a p u f k a mʲ i 
	w a p u v k a mʲ i
łapówką 
	w a p u f k ɔ̃ 
	w a p u v k ɔ̃
łapówka 
	w a p u f k a 
	w a p u v k a
łapówkę 
	w a p u f k ɛ 
	w a p u v k ɛ~
łapówki 
	w a p u f kʲ i 
	w a p u v kʲ i
łapówki 
	w a p u f kʲ i 
	w a p u v kʲ i
łapówki 
	w a p u f kʲ i 
	w a p u v kʲ i
łapówki 
	w a p u f kʲ i 
	w a p u v kʲ i
łapówkom 
	w a p u f k ɔ m 
	w a p u v k ɔ m
łapówko 
	w a p u f k ɔ 
	w a p u v k ɔ
laryngolog 
	l a r ɨ n ɡ ɔ l ɔ k 
	l a r ɨ n g ɔ l ɔ k
laskiem 
	l a s kʲ ɛ m 
	l a s kʲ i ɛ m
lasków 
	l a s k u f 
	l a s k u v
łasicę 
	w a ɕ i t͡s ɛ 
	w a ɕ i t͡s ɛ~
laskę 
	l a s k ɛ 
	l a s k ɛ~
łaskę 
	w a s k ɛ 
	w a s k ɛ~
lasów 
	l a s u f 
	l a s u v
lesie 
	l ɛ ɕ ɛ 
	l ɛ ɕ i ɛ
lesie 
	l ɛ ɕ ɛ 
	l ɛ ɕ i ɛ
łacie 
	w a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	w a t͡sʲ i ɛ
łacie 
	w a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	w a t͡sʲ i ɛ
łatę 
	w a t ɛ 
	w a t ɛ~
latarnia 
	l a t a r ɲ a 
	l a t a r ɲ i a
latarniowiec 
	l a t a r ɲ ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l a t a r ɲ i ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
latarniowiec 
	l a t a r ɲ ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l a t a r ɲ i ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
latawiec 
	l a t a vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l a t a vʲ i ɛ t͡s
latawiec 
	l a t a vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l a t a vʲ i ɛ t͡s
ławka 
	w a f k a 
	w a v k a
łazienka 
	w a ʑ ɛ n k a 
	w a ʑ i ɛ n k a
łaźnia 
	w a ʑ ɲ a 
	w a ʑ ɲ i a
leasing 
	lʲ i z i n k 
	l ɛ a ɕ i n k
leasing 
	lʲ i z i n k 
	l ɛ a ɕ i n k
łbie 
	w bʲ ɛ 
	w bʲ i ɛ
łbie 
	w bʲ ɛ 
	w bʲ i ɛ
łbów 
	w b u f 
	w b u v
legar 
	l ɛ ɡ a r 
	l ɛ g a r
legar 
	l ɛ ɡ a r 
	l ɛ g a r
legenda 
	l ɛ ɡ ɛ n d a 
	l ɛ g ɛ n d a
legionista 
	l ɛ ɡʲ j ɔ ɲ i s t a 
	l ɛ gʲ i ɔ ɲ i s t a
legion 
	l ɛ ɡʲ j ɔ n 
	l ɛ gʲ i ɔ n
legion 
	l ɛ ɡʲ j ɔ n 
	l ɛ gʲ i ɔ n
lekarstwa 
	l ɛ k a r s t f a 
	l ɛ k a r s d v a
lekarstwa 
	l ɛ k a r s t f a 
	l ɛ k a r s d v a
lekarstwa 
	l ɛ k a r s t f a 
	l ɛ k a r s d v a
lekarstwa 
	l ɛ k a r s t f a 
	l ɛ k a r s d v a
lekarstwo 
	l ɛ k a r s t f ɔ 
	l ɛ k a r s d v ɔ
lekarstwo 
	l ɛ k a r s t f ɔ 
	l ɛ k a r s d v ɔ
lekarstwo 
	l ɛ k a r s t f ɔ 
	l ɛ k a r s d v ɔ
lekkoatleta 
	l ɛ k k ɔ a t l ɛ t a 
	l ɛ k k ɔ a d l ɛ t a
lękach 
	l ɛ ŋ k a x 
	l ɛ~k a x
łękach 
	w ɛ ŋ k a x 
	w ɛ~k a x
lękami 
	l ɛ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	l ɛ~k a mʲ i
łękami 
	w ɛ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	w ɛ~k a mʲ i
lękiem 
	l ɛ ŋ kʲ ɛ m 
	l ɛ~kʲ i ɛ m
łękiem 
	w ɛ ŋ kʲ ɛ m 
	w ɛ~kʲ i ɛ m
lęki 
	l ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	l ɛ~kʲ i
lęki 
	l ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	l ɛ~kʲ i
lęki 
	l ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	l ɛ~kʲ i
lęk 
	l ɛ ŋ k 
	l ɛ~k
łęk 
	w ɛ ŋ k 
	w ɛ~k
lęk 
	l ɛ ŋ k 
	l ɛ~k
łęk 
	w ɛ ŋ k 
	w ɛ~k
lękom 
	l ɛ ŋ k ɔ m 
	l ɛ~k ɔ m
lękowi 
	l ɛ ŋ k ɔ vʲ i 
	l ɛ~k ɔ vʲ i
łękowi 
	w ɛ ŋ k ɔ vʲ i 
	w ɛ~k ɔ vʲ i
lęków 
	l ɛ ŋ k u f 
	l ɛ~k u v
łęków 
	w ɛ ŋ k u f 
	w ɛ~k u v
lęku 
	l ɛ ŋ k u 
	l ɛ~k u
łęku 
	w ɛ ŋ k u 
	w ɛ~k u
lęku 
	l ɛ ŋ k u 
	l ɛ~k u
łęku 
	w ɛ ŋ k u 
	w ɛ~k u
lęku 
	l ɛ ŋ k u 
	l ɛ~k u
łęku 
	w ɛ ŋ k u 
	w ɛ~k u
lemiesz 
	l ɛ mʲ ɛ ʂ 
	l ɛ mʲ i ɛ ʂ
lemiesz 
	l ɛ mʲ ɛ ʂ 
	l ɛ mʲ i ɛ ʂ
lemoniada 
	l ɛ m ɔ ɲ a d a 
	l ɛ m ɔ ɲ i a d a
leniwiec 
	l ɛ ɲ i vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l ɛ ɲ i vʲ i ɛ t͡s
leniach 
	l ɛ ɲ a x 
	l ɛ ɲ i a x
leniami 
	l ɛ ɲ a mʲ i 
	l ɛ ɲ i a mʲ i
lenia 
	l ɛ ɲ a 
	l ɛ ɲ i a
lenia 
	l ɛ ɲ a 
	l ɛ ɲ i a
leniem 
	l ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	l ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
lenie 
	l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
lenie 
	l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
leniom 
	l ɛ ɲ ɔ m 
	l ɛ ɲ i ɔ m
leniowi 
	l ɛ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	l ɛ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
leniu 
	l ɛ ɲ u 
	l ɛ ɲ i u
leniu 
	l ɛ ɲ u 
	l ɛ ɲ i u
lnie 
	l ɲ ɛ 
	l ɲ i ɛ
lnie 
	l ɲ ɛ 
	l ɲ i ɛ
lnów 
	l n u f 
	l n u v
less 
	l ɛ s 
	l ɛ s s
less 
	l ɛ s 
	l ɛ s s
leucyna 
	l ɛ w t͡s ɨ n a 
	l ɛ u t͡s ɨ n a
lewę 
	l ɛ v ɛ 
	l ɛ v ɛ~
lewie 
	l ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	l ɛ vʲ i ɛ
lewie 
	l ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	l ɛ vʲ i ɛ
lew 
	l ɛ f 
	l ɛ v
łgarz 
	w ɡ a ʂ 
	w g a ʂ
liana 
	lʲ a n a 
	lʲ i a n a
liberia 
	lʲ i b ɛ rʲ j a 
	lʲ i b ɛ rʲ i a
lichwiarka 
	lʲ i x fʲ a r k a 
	lʲ i x vʲ i a r k a
lichwiarz 
	lʲ i x fʲ a ʂ 
	lʲ i x vʲ i a ʂ
licznik 
	lʲ i t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	lʲ i d͡ʐ ɲ i k
licznik 
	lʲ i t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	lʲ i d͡ʐ ɲ i k
lidze 
	lʲ i d͡z ɛ 
	lʲ i d z ɛ
lidze 
	lʲ i d͡z ɛ 
	lʲ i d z ɛ
ligach 
	lʲ i ɡ a x 
	lʲ i g a x
ligami 
	lʲ i ɡ a mʲ i 
	lʲ i g a mʲ i
ligą 
	lʲ i ɡ ɔ̃ 
	lʲ i g ɔ̃
liga 
	lʲ i ɡ a 
	lʲ i g a
ligę 
	lʲ i ɡ ɛ 
	lʲ i g ɛ~
ligi 
	lʲ i ɡʲ i 
	lʲ i gʲ i
ligi 
	lʲ i ɡʲ i 
	lʲ i gʲ i
ligi 
	lʲ i ɡʲ i 
	lʲ i gʲ i
ligi 
	lʲ i ɡʲ i 
	lʲ i gʲ i
ligom 
	lʲ i ɡ ɔ m 
	lʲ i g ɔ m
ligo 
	lʲ i ɡ ɔ 
	lʲ i g ɔ
ligustr 
	lʲ i ɡ u s t r 
	lʲ i g u s t r
ligustr 
	lʲ i ɡ u s t r 
	lʲ i g u s t r
likier 
	lʲ i kʲ ɛ r 
	lʲ i kʲ i ɛ r
likier 
	lʲ i kʲ ɛ r 
	lʲ i kʲ i ɛ r
linę 
	lʲ i n ɛ 
	lʲ i n ɛ~
linie 
	lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
linie 
	lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
lingwista 
	lʲ i n ɡ vʲ i s t a 
	lʲ i n g vʲ i s t a
lingwistyka 
	lʲ i n ɡ vʲ i s t ɨ k a 
	lʲ i n g vʲ i s t ɨ k a
linia 
	lʲ i ɲ j a 
	lʲ i ɲ i a
linie 
	lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
linie 
	lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
linie 
	lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
linie 
	lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
linie 
	lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
linów 
	lʲ i n u f 
	lʲ i n u v
lipę 
	lʲ i p ɛ 
	lʲ i p ɛ~
lipie 
	lʲ i pʲ ɛ 
	lʲ i pʲ i ɛ
lipie 
	lʲ i pʲ ɛ 
	lʲ i pʲ i ɛ
lipców 
	lʲ i p t͡s u f 
	lʲ i p t͡s u v
lipiec 
	lʲ i pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	lʲ i pʲ i ɛ t͡s
lipiec 
	lʲ i pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	lʲ i pʲ i ɛ t͡s
liściach 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ a x 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i a x
liścia 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i a
liściem 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ m
liście 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
liście 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
liście 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
liści 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i
liściom 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
liściowi 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ vʲ i 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ vʲ i
liściu 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ u 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i u
liściu 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ u 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i u
liść 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ʂ
liść 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ʂ
lisiątko 
	lʲ i ɕ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	lʲ i ɕ i ɔ̃ t k ɔ
lisiątko 
	lʲ i ɕ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	lʲ i ɕ i ɔ̃ t k ɔ
lisiątko 
	lʲ i ɕ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	lʲ i ɕ i ɔ̃ t k ɔ
lisicę 
	lʲ i ɕ i t͡s ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ i t͡s ɛ~
lisię 
	lʲ i ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ i ɛ~
lisię 
	lʲ i ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ i ɛ~
lisię 
	lʲ i ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ i ɛ~
lisie 
	lʲ i ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ i ɛ
lisie 
	lʲ i ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ i ɛ
lisów 
	lʲ i s u f 
	lʲ i s u v
liście 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
liście 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
listę 
	lʲ i s t ɛ 
	lʲ i s t ɛ~
liście 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
liście 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	lʲ i ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
listopadów 
	lʲ i s t ɔ p a d u f 
	lʲ i s t ɔ p a d u v
listopadzie 
	lʲ i s t ɔ p a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	lʲ i s t ɔ p a d ʑ i ɛ
listopadzie 
	lʲ i s t ɔ p a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	lʲ i s t ɔ p a d ʑ i ɛ
listwa 
	lʲ i s t f a 
	lʲ i s d v a
liszkę 
	lʲ i ʂ k ɛ 
	lʲ i ʂ k ɛ~
literówka 
	lʲ i t ɛ r u f k a 
	lʲ i t ɛ r u v k a
lobelia 
	l ɔ b ɛ lʲ a 
	l ɔ b ɛ lʲ i a
lochę 
	l ɔ x ɛ 
	l ɔ x ɛ~
lodów 
	l ɔ d u f 
	l ɔ d u v
lodzie 
	l ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
lodzie 
	l ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
lodowiec 
	l ɔ d ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l ɔ d ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
lodowiec 
	l ɔ d ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l ɔ d ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
lodówce 
	l ɔ d u f t͡s ɛ 
	l ɔ d u v t͡s ɛ
lodówce 
	l ɔ d u f t͡s ɛ 
	l ɔ d u v t͡s ɛ
lodówka 
	l ɔ d u f k a 
	l ɔ d u v k a
łodyga 
	w ɔ d ɨ ɡ a 
	w ɔ d ɨ g a
lodów 
	l ɔ d u f 
	l ɔ d u v
lodzika 
	l ɔ d͡ʑ i k a 
	l ɔ d ʑ i k a
lodzik 
	l ɔ d͡ʑ i k 
	l ɔ d ʑ i k
lodzik 
	l ɔ d͡ʑ i k 
	l ɔ d ʑ i k
łodzik 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ i k 
	w ɔ d ʑ i k
łodzią 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ ɔ̃ 
	w ɔ d ʑ i ɔ̃
łodzie 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
łodzie 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
łodzie 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
łodzi 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ i 
	w ɔ d ʑ i
łodzi 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ i 
	w ɔ d ʑ i
łodzi 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ i 
	w ɔ d ʑ i
łodzi 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ i 
	w ɔ d ʑ i
łodzi 
	w ɔ d͡ʑ i 
	w ɔ d ʑ i
łódź 
	w u t͡ɕ 
	w u t ɕ
łódź 
	w u t͡ɕ 
	w u t ɕ
logarytm 
	l ɔ ɡ a r ɨ t m 
	l ɔ g a r ɨ d m
logarytm 
	l ɔ ɡ a r ɨ t m 
	l ɔ g a r ɨ d m
logomachia 
	l ɔ ɡ ɔ m a xʲ j a 
	l ɔ g ɔ m a xʲ i a
logomachie 
	l ɔ ɡ ɔ m a xʲ j ɛ 
	l ɔ g ɔ m a xʲ i ɛ
logomachie 
	l ɔ ɡ ɔ m a xʲ j ɛ 
	l ɔ g ɔ m a xʲ i ɛ
logomachie 
	l ɔ ɡ ɔ m a xʲ j ɛ 
	l ɔ g ɔ m a xʲ i ɛ
logopeda 
	l ɔ ɡ ɔ p ɛ d a 
	l ɔ g ɔ p ɛ d a
logopedia 
	l ɔ ɡ ɔ p ɛ d j a 
	l ɔ g ɔ p ɛ dʲ i a
łojów 
	w ɔ j u f 
	w ɔ j u v
lokatorów 
	l ɔ k a t ɔ r u f 
	l ɔ k a t ɔ r u v
lokatorów 
	l ɔ k a t ɔ r u f 
	l ɔ k a t ɔ r u v
łokciach 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ a x 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i a x
łokcia 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ a 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i a
łokcie 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ ɛ 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i ɛ
łokcie 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ ɛ 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i ɛ
łokcie 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ ɛ 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i ɛ
łokci 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ i 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i
łokciom 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i ɔ m
łokciu 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ u 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i u
łokciu 
	w ɔ k t͡ɕ u 
	w ɔ k t͡sʲ i u
lokówka 
	l ɔ k u f k a 
	l ɔ k u v k a
lolcontent 
	l ɔ l k ɔ n t ɛ n t 
	l ɔ l t͡s ɔ n t ɛ n t
lolcontent 
	l ɔ l k ɔ n t ɛ n t 
	l ɔ l t͡s ɔ n t ɛ n t
łomie 
	w ɔ mʲ ɛ 
	w ɔ mʲ i ɛ
łomie 
	w ɔ mʲ ɛ 
	w ɔ mʲ i ɛ
łonie 
	w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
łopacie 
	w ɔ p a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	w ɔ p a t͡sʲ i ɛ
łopacie 
	w ɔ p a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	w ɔ p a t͡sʲ i ɛ
łopatę 
	w ɔ p a t ɛ 
	w ɔ p a t ɛ~
łopian 
	w ɔ pʲ a n 
	w ɔ pʲ i a n
łopian 
	w ɔ pʲ a n 
	w ɔ pʲ i a n
lorens 
	l ɔ r ɛ̃ s 
	l ɔ r ɛ n s
lorens 
	l ɔ r ɛ̃ s 
	l ɔ r ɛ n s
łosiek 
	w ɔ ɕ ɛ k 
	w ɔ ɕ i ɛ k
łosiach 
	w ɔ ɕ a x 
	w ɔ ɕ i a x
łosiami 
	w ɔ ɕ a mʲ i 
	w ɔ ɕ i a mʲ i
łosia 
	w ɔ ɕ a 
	w ɔ ɕ i a
łosia 
	w ɔ ɕ a 
	w ɔ ɕ i a
łosiem 
	w ɔ ɕ ɛ m 
	w ɔ ɕ i ɛ m
losie 
	l ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	l ɔ ɕ i ɛ
losie 
	l ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	l ɔ ɕ i ɛ
łosiom 
	w ɔ ɕ ɔ m 
	w ɔ ɕ i ɔ m
łosiowi 
	w ɔ ɕ ɔ vʲ i 
	w ɔ ɕ i ɔ vʲ i
łosiu 
	w ɔ ɕ u 
	w ɔ ɕ i u
łosiu 
	w ɔ ɕ u 
	w ɔ ɕ i u
loteria 
	l ɔ t ɛ rʲ j a 
	l ɔ t ɛ rʲ i a
lotkę 
	l ɔ t k ɛ 
	l ɔ t k ɛ~
locie 
	l ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	l ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
locie 
	l ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	l ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
lotów 
	l ɔ t u f 
	l ɔ t u v
lotnictwo 
	l ɔ t ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	l ɔ d ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
lotnictwo 
	l ɔ t ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	l ɔ d ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
lotnictwo 
	l ɔ t ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	l ɔ d ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
lotnisko 
	l ɔ t ɲ i s k ɔ 
	l ɔ d ɲ i s k ɔ
lotnisko 
	l ɔ t ɲ i s k ɔ 
	l ɔ d ɲ i s k ɔ
lotnisko 
	l ɔ t ɲ i s k ɔ 
	l ɔ d ɲ i s k ɔ
lotnisku 
	l ɔ t ɲ i s k u 
	l ɔ d ɲ i s k u
lotnisku 
	l ɔ t ɲ i s k u 
	l ɔ d ɲ i s k u
lotniskowiec 
	l ɔ t ɲ i s k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l ɔ d ɲ i s k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
lotniskowiec 
	l ɔ t ɲ i s k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	l ɔ d ɲ i s k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
łowca 
	w ɔ f t͡s a 
	w ɔ v t͡s a
łozie 
	w ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	w ɔ ʑ i ɛ
łozie 
	w ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	w ɔ ʑ i ɛ
łozówką 
	w ɔ z u f k ɔ̃ 
	w ɔ z u v k ɔ̃
łozówka 
	w ɔ z u f k a 
	w ɔ z u v k a
lubrykant 
	l u b r ɨ k a n t 
	l u p r ɨ k a n t
lubrykant 
	l u b r ɨ k a n t 
	l u p r ɨ k a n t
łuczniczka 
	w u t͡ʂ ɲ i t͡ʂ k a 
	w u d͡ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k a
łucznik 
	w u t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	w u d͡ʐ ɲ i k
ludów 
	l u d u f 
	l u d u v
ludzie 
	l u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l u d ʑ i ɛ
ludzie 
	l u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	l u d ʑ i ɛ
ludobójstwo 
	l u d ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	l u d ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
ludobójstwo 
	l u d ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	l u d ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
ludobójstwo 
	l u d ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	l u d ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
lufcik 
	l u f t͡ɕ i k 
	l u f t͡sʲ i k
lufcik 
	l u f t͡ɕ i k 
	l u f t͡sʲ i k
lukiem 
	l u kʲ ɛ m 
	l u kʲ i ɛ m
luków 
	l u k u f 
	l u k u v
łuków 
	w u k u f 
	w u k u v
lunę 
	l u n ɛ 
	l u n ɛ~
łunę 
	w u n ɛ 
	w u n ɛ~
lunie 
	l u ɲ ɛ 
	l u ɲ i ɛ
łunie 
	w u ɲ ɛ 
	w u ɲ i ɛ
lunie 
	l u ɲ ɛ 
	l u ɲ i ɛ
łunie 
	w u ɲ ɛ 
	w u ɲ i ɛ
lupę 
	l u p ɛ 
	l u p ɛ~
lupie 
	l u pʲ ɛ 
	l u pʲ i ɛ
lupie 
	l u pʲ ɛ 
	l u pʲ i ɛ
łuskę 
	w u s k ɛ 
	w u s k ɛ~
lustrzanka 
	l u s t ʂ a n k a 
	l u s t ʐ a n k a
lucie 
	l u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	l u t͡sʲ i ɛ
lucie 
	l u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	l u t͡sʲ i ɛ
lutów 
	l u t u f 
	l u t u v
lutnik 
	l u t ɲ i k 
	l u d ɲ i k
lutego 
	l u t ɛ ɡ ɔ 
	l u t ɛ g ɔ
lwiątko 
	l vʲ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	l vʲ i ɔ̃ t k ɔ
lwiątko 
	l vʲ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	l vʲ i ɔ̃ t k ɔ
lwiątko 
	l vʲ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	l vʲ i ɔ̃ t k ɔ
lwię 
	l vʲ ɛ 
	l vʲ i ɛ~
lwię 
	l vʲ ɛ 
	l vʲ i ɛ~
lwię 
	l vʲ ɛ 
	l vʲ i ɛ~
łydkę 
	w ɨ t k ɛ 
	w ɨ t k ɛ~
łyżew 
	w ɨ ʐ ɛ f 
	w ɨ ʐ ɛ v
łyżwę 
	w ɨ ʐ v ɛ 
	w ɨ ʐ v ɛ~
łyżwie 
	w ɨ ʐ vʲ ɛ 
	w ɨ ʐ vʲ i ɛ
łyżwie 
	w ɨ ʐ vʲ ɛ 
	w ɨ ʐ vʲ i ɛ
łzie 
	w ʑ ɛ 
	w ʑ i ɛ
łzie 
	w ʑ ɛ 
	w ʑ i ɛ
macicach 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s a x 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s a x
macicami 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s a mʲ i 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s a mʲ i
macicą 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɔ̃ 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɔ̃
macica 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s a 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s a
macice 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɛ 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɛ
macicę 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɛ 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɛ~
macice 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɛ 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɛ
macice 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɛ 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɛ
macic 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s
macicom 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɔ m 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɔ m
macicy 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɨ 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɨ
macicy 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɨ 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɨ
macicy 
	m a t͡ɕ i t͡s ɨ 
	m a t͡sʲ i t͡s ɨ
mąciciel 
	m ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ i t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	m ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l
maciejka 
	m a t͡ɕ ɛ j k a 
	m a t͡sʲ i ɛ j k a
macierzanka 
	m a t͡ɕ ɛ ʐ a n k a 
	m a t͡sʲ i ɛ ʐ a n k a
macintosh 
	m a kʲ i n t ɔ ʂ 
	m a t͡sʲ i n t ɔ s x
mackę 
	m a t͡s k ɛ 
	m a t͡s k ɛ~
mącznica 
	m ɔ n t͡ʂ ɲ i t͡s a 
	m ɔ̃ d͡ʐ ɲ i t͡s a
maczuga 
	m a t͡ʂ u ɡ a 
	m a t͡ʂ u g a
mądrości 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
mądrości 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
mądrości 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
mądrości 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
mądrości 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
mądrości 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
mądrości 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
mądrości 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
mądrość 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
mądrość 
	m ɔ n d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m ɔ̃ t r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
madrygał 
	m a d r ɨ ɡ a w 
	m a t r ɨ g a w
madrygał 
	m a d r ɨ ɡ a w 
	m a t r ɨ g a w
magazynier 
	m a ɡ a z ɨ ɲ ɛ r 
	m a g a z ɨ ɲ i ɛ r
magazyn 
	m a ɡ a z ɨ n 
	m a g a z ɨ n
magazyn 
	m a ɡ a z ɨ n 
	m a g a z ɨ n
magisterka 
	m a ɡʲ i s t ɛ r k a 
	m a gʲ i s t ɛ r k a
magnes 
	m a ɡ n ɛ s 
	m a g n ɛ s
magnes 
	m a ɡ n ɛ s 
	m a g n ɛ s
magnetofon 
	m a ɡ n ɛ t ɔ f ɔ n 
	m a g n ɛ t ɔ f ɔ n
magnetofon 
	m a ɡ n ɛ t ɔ f ɔ n 
	m a g n ɛ t ɔ f ɔ n
magnetowid 
	m a ɡ n ɛ t ɔ vʲ i t 
	m a g n ɛ t ɔ vʲ i t
magnetowid 
	m a ɡ n ɛ t ɔ vʲ i t 
	m a g n ɛ t ɔ vʲ i t
magnez 
	m a ɡ n ɛ s 
	m a g n ɛ s
magnez 
	m a ɡ n ɛ s 
	m a g n ɛ s
magnolia 
	m a ɡ n ɔ lʲ a 
	m a g n ɔ lʲ i a
mahoniowiec 
	m a x ɔ ɲ ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	m a x ɔ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
mahoniowiec 
	m a x ɔ ɲ ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	m a x ɔ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
majów 
	m a j u f 
	m a j u v
majówka 
	m a j u f k a 
	m a j u v k a
majsterkowanie 
	m a j s t ɛ r k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a j s t ɛ r k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
majsterkowanie 
	m a j s t ɛ r k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a j s t ɛ r k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
majsterkowanie 
	m a j s t ɛ r k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a j s t ɛ r k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
mące 
	m ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	m ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
mące 
	m ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	m ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
mąkach 
	m ɔ ŋ k a x 
	m ɔ̃ k a x
mąkami 
	m ɔ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	m ɔ̃ k a mʲ i
mąką 
	m ɔ ŋ k ɔ̃ 
	m ɔ̃ k ɔ̃
mąka 
	m ɔ ŋ k a 
	m ɔ̃ k a
mąkę 
	m ɔ ŋ k ɛ 
	m ɔ̃ k ɛ~
mąki 
	m ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	m ɔ̃ kʲ i
mąki 
	m ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	m ɔ̃ kʲ i
mąki 
	m ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	m ɔ̃ kʲ i
mąki 
	m ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	m ɔ̃ kʲ i
mąk 
	m ɔ ŋ k 
	m ɔ̃ k
mąkom 
	m ɔ ŋ k ɔ m 
	m ɔ̃ k ɔ m
mąko 
	m ɔ ŋ k ɔ 
	m ɔ̃ k ɔ
makaroniarz 
	m a k a r ɔ ɲ a ʂ 
	m a k a r ɔ ɲ i a ʂ
makieta 
	m a kʲ ɛ t a 
	m a kʲ i ɛ t a
makler 
	m a k l ɛ r 
	m a g l ɛ r
makiem 
	m a kʲ ɛ m 
	m a kʲ i ɛ m
maków 
	m a k u f 
	m a k u v
makolągwa 
	m a k ɔ l ɔ ŋ ɡ v a 
	m a k ɔ l ɔ̃ g v a
makowiec 
	m a k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	m a k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
malinę 
	m a lʲ i n ɛ 
	m a lʲ i n ɛ~
malinie 
	m a lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	m a lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
malinie 
	m a lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	m a lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
malinkę 
	m a lʲ i n k ɛ 
	m a lʲ i n k ɛ~
malowanie 
	m a l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
malowanie 
	m a l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
malowanie 
	m a l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
małpie 
	m a w pʲ ɛ 
	m a w pʲ i ɛ
małpie 
	m a w pʲ ɛ 
	m a w pʲ i ɛ
maluchów 
	m a l u x u f 
	m a l u x u v
małżeństwa 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s t f a 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s d v a
małżeństwa 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s t f a 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s d v a
małżeństwa 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s t f a 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s d v a
małżeństwa 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s t f a 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s d v a
małżeństwem 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s t f ɛ m 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s d v ɛ m
małżeństwo 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
małżeństwo 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
małżeństwo 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	m a w ʐ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
mamę 
	m a m ɛ 
	m a m ɛ~
mamusia 
	m a m u ɕ a 
	m a m u ɕ i a
mamusiu 
	m a m u ɕ u 
	m a m u ɕ i u
mandragora 
	m a n d r a ɡ ɔ r a 
	m a n t r a g ɔ r a
manga 
	m a n ɡ a 
	m a n g a
mango 
	m a n ɡ ɔ 
	m a n g ɔ
mangan 
	m a n ɡ a n 
	m a n g a n
mangan 
	m a n ɡ a n 
	m a n g a n
mangusta 
	m a n ɡ u s t a 
	m a n g u s t a
manicure 
	m a ɲ i kʲ j u r 
	m a ɲ i t͡s u r ɛ
manicure 
	m a ɲ i kʲ j u r 
	m a ɲ i t͡s u r ɛ
mankiet 
	m a n kʲ ɛ t 
	m a n kʲ i ɛ t
mankiet 
	m a n kʲ ɛ t 
	m a n kʲ i ɛ t
mapę 
	m a p ɛ 
	m a p ɛ~
mapie 
	m a pʲ ɛ 
	m a pʲ i ɛ
mapie 
	m a pʲ ɛ 
	m a pʲ i ɛ
marę 
	m a r ɛ 
	m a r ɛ~
marchewka 
	m a r x ɛ f k a 
	m a r x ɛ v k a
marionetka 
	m a rʲ j ɔ n ɛ t k a 
	m a rʲ i ɔ n ɛ t k a
markę 
	m a r k ɛ 
	m a r k ɛ~
marność 
	m a r n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m a r n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
marność 
	m a r n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m a r n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
marskość 
	m a r s k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m a r s k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
marskość 
	m a r s k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m a r s k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
martwica 
	m a r t fʲ i t͡s a 
	m a r d vʲ i t͡s a
martwota 
	m a r t f ɔ t a 
	m a r d v ɔ t a
marców 
	m a r t͡s u f 
	m a r t͡s u v
marzenie 
	m a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	m a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
marzenie 
	m a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	m a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
marzenie 
	m a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	m a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
marzyciel 
	m a ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	m a ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ l
masę 
	m a s ɛ 
	m a s ɛ~
masie 
	m a ɕ ɛ 
	m a ɕ i ɛ
masie 
	m a ɕ ɛ 
	m a ɕ i ɛ
maść 
	m a ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m a ɕ t͡ʂ
maść 
	m a ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m a ɕ t͡ʂ
maskę 
	m a s k ɛ 
	m a s k ɛ~
maskowaniach 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ a x 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i a x
maskowaniami 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ a mʲ i 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i a mʲ i
maskowania 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ a 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i a
maskowania 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ a 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i a
maskowania 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ a 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i a
maskowania 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ a 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i a
maskowaniem 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ m 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ m
maskowanie 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
maskowanie 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
maskowanie 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
maskowaniom 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ ɔ m 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i ɔ m
maskowaniu 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ u 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i u
maskowaniu 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ u 
	m a s k ɔ v a ɲ i u
maślanka 
	m a ɕ l a n k a 
	m a ʑ l a n k a
masowiec 
	m a s ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	m a s ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
masowiec 
	m a s ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	m a s ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
mastektomia 
	m a s t ɛ k t ɔ mʲ a 
	m a s t ɛ k t ɔ mʲ i a
masturbowanie 
	m a s t u r b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a s t u r b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
masturbowanie 
	m a s t u r b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a s t u r b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
masturbowanie 
	m a s t u r b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m a s t u r b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
masyw 
	m a s ɨ f 
	m a s ɨ v
masyw 
	m a s ɨ f 
	m a s ɨ v
materiał 
	m a t ɛ rʲ j a w 
	m a t ɛ rʲ i a w
materiał 
	m a t ɛ rʲ j a w 
	m a t ɛ rʲ i a w
matkę 
	m a t k ɛ 
	m a t k ɛ~
matówka 
	m a t u f k a 
	m a t u v k a
mątwach 
	m ɔ n t f a x 
	m ɔ̃ d v a x
mątwami 
	m ɔ n t f a mʲ i 
	m ɔ̃ d v a mʲ i
mątwą 
	m ɔ n t f ɔ̃ 
	m ɔ̃ d v ɔ̃
mątwa 
	m ɔ n t f a 
	m ɔ̃ d v a
mątwę 
	m ɔ n t f ɛ 
	m ɔ̃ d v ɛ~
mątwie 
	m ɔ n t fʲ ɛ 
	m ɔ̃ d vʲ i ɛ
mątwie 
	m ɔ n t fʲ ɛ 
	m ɔ̃ d vʲ i ɛ
mątw 
	m ɔ n t f 
	m ɔ̃ d v
mątwom 
	m ɔ n t f ɔ m 
	m ɔ̃ d v ɔ m
mątwo 
	m ɔ n t f ɔ 
	m ɔ̃ d v ɔ
mątwy 
	m ɔ n t f ɨ 
	m ɔ̃ d v ɨ
mątwy 
	m ɔ n t f ɨ 
	m ɔ̃ d v ɨ
mątwy 
	m ɔ n t f ɨ 
	m ɔ̃ d v ɨ
mątwy 
	m ɔ n t f ɨ 
	m ɔ̃ d v ɨ
mauzoleum 
	m a w z ɔ l ɛ u m 
	m a u z ɔ l ɛ u m
mauzoleum 
	m a w z ɔ l ɛ u m 
	m a u z ɔ l ɛ u m
mauzoleum 
	m a w z ɔ l ɛ u m 
	m a u z ɔ l ɛ u m
mauzoleum 
	m a w z ɔ l ɛ u m 
	m a u z ɔ l ɛ u m
mauzoleum 
	m a w z ɔ l ɛ u m 
	m a u z ɔ l ɛ u m
mauzoleum 
	m a w z ɔ l ɛ u m 
	m a u z ɔ l ɛ u m
mauzoleum 
	m a w z ɔ l ɛ u m 
	m a u z ɔ l ɛ u m
mazgaj 
	m a z ɡ a j 
	m a z g a j
maziach 
	m a ʑ a x 
	m a ʑ i a x
maziami 
	m a ʑ a mʲ i 
	m a ʑ i a mʲ i
mazią 
	m a ʑ ɔ̃ 
	m a ʑ i ɔ̃
mazie 
	m a ʑ ɛ 
	m a ʑ i ɛ
mazie 
	m a ʑ ɛ 
	m a ʑ i ɛ
mazie 
	m a ʑ ɛ 
	m a ʑ i ɛ
maziom 
	m a ʑ ɔ m 
	m a ʑ i ɔ m
mężach 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ a x 
	m ɛ~ʐ a x
mężami 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ a mʲ i 
	m ɛ~ʐ a mʲ i
męża 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ a 
	m ɛ~ʐ a
męża 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ a 
	m ɛ~ʐ a
mężem 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ m 
	m ɛ~ʐ ɛ m
mężom 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ ɔ m 
	m ɛ~ʐ ɔ m
mężowie 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	m ɛ~ʐ ɔ vʲ i ɛ
mężowie 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	m ɛ~ʐ ɔ vʲ i ɛ
mężowi 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ ɔ vʲ i 
	m ɛ~ʐ ɔ vʲ i
mężów 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ u f 
	m ɛ~ʐ u v
mężów 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ u f 
	m ɛ~ʐ u v
mężu 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ u 
	m ɛ~ʐ u
mężu 
	m ɛ̃ ʐ u 
	m ɛ~ʐ u
mchów 
	m x u f 
	m x u v
męczennica 
	m ɛ n t͡ʂ ɛ n ɲ i t͡s a 
	m ɛ~t͡ʂ ɛ n ɲ i t͡s a
medalion 
	m ɛ d a lʲ ɔ n 
	m ɛ d a lʲ i ɔ n
medalion 
	m ɛ d a lʲ ɔ n 
	m ɛ d a lʲ i ɔ n
mediana 
	m ɛ d j a n a 
	m ɛ dʲ i a n a
mędrca 
	m ɛ n t r t͡s a 
	m ɛ~t r t͡s a
mędrca 
	m ɛ n t r t͡s a 
	m ɛ~t r t͡s a
mędrcy 
	m ɛ n t r t͡s ɨ 
	m ɛ~t r t͡s ɨ
mędrcy 
	m ɛ n t r t͡s ɨ 
	m ɛ~t r t͡s ɨ
mędrcze 
	m ɛ n t r t͡ʂ ɛ 
	m ɛ~t r t͡ʂ ɛ
mędrzec 
	m ɛ n d ʐ ɛ t͡s 
	m ɛ~d ʐ ɛ t͡s
męce 
	m ɛ n t͡s ɛ 
	m ɛ~t͡s ɛ
męce 
	m ɛ n t͡s ɛ 
	m ɛ~t͡s ɛ
mękach 
	m ɛ ŋ k a x 
	m ɛ~k a x
mękami 
	m ɛ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	m ɛ~k a mʲ i
męką 
	m ɛ ŋ k ɔ̃ 
	m ɛ~k ɔ̃
męka 
	m ɛ ŋ k a 
	m ɛ~k a
mękę 
	m ɛ ŋ k ɛ 
	m ɛ~k ɛ~
męki 
	m ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	m ɛ~kʲ i
męki 
	m ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	m ɛ~kʲ i
męki 
	m ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	m ɛ~kʲ i
męki 
	m ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	m ɛ~kʲ i
mękom 
	m ɛ ŋ k ɔ m 
	m ɛ~k ɔ m
męko 
	m ɛ ŋ k ɔ 
	m ɛ~k ɔ
melodia 
	m ɛ l ɔ d j a 
	m ɛ l ɔ dʲ i a
mecie 
	m ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
mecie 
	m ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
metę 
	m ɛ t ɛ 
	m ɛ t ɛ~
metionina 
	m ɛ t j ɔ ɲ i n a 
	m ɛ tʲ i ɔ ɲ i n a
metrów 
	m ɛ t r u f 
	m ɛ t r u v
mewę 
	m ɛ v ɛ 
	m ɛ v ɛ~
mewie 
	m ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	m ɛ vʲ i ɛ
mewie 
	m ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	m ɛ vʲ i ɛ
mew 
	m ɛ f 
	m ɛ v
mężczyznach 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n a x 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n a x
mężczyznami 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n a mʲ i 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n a mʲ i
mężczyzną 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɔ̃ 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɔ̃
mężczyzna 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n a 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n a
mężczyznę 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɛ 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɛ~
mężczyźnie 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ʑ ɲ i ɛ
mężczyźnie 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ʑ ɲ i ɛ
mężczyźni 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ʑ ɲ i 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ʑ ɲ i
mężczyźni 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ʑ ɲ i 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ʑ ɲ i
mężczyzn 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n
mężczyzn 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n
mężczyznom 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɔ m 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɔ m
mężczyzno 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɔ 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɔ
mężczyzny 
	m ɛ̃ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɨ 
	m ɛ~ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ z n ɨ
mgła 
	m ɡ w a 
	m g w a
mgławica 
	m ɡ w a vʲ i t͡s a 
	m g w a vʲ i t͡s a
miałem 
	mʲ a w ɛ m 
	mʲ i a w ɛ m
miale 
	mʲ a l ɛ 
	mʲ i a l ɛ
miale 
	mʲ a l ɛ 
	mʲ i a l ɛ
miał 
	mʲ a w 
	mʲ i a w
miał 
	mʲ a w 
	mʲ i a w
miałowi 
	mʲ a w ɔ vʲ i 
	mʲ i a w ɔ vʲ i
miału 
	mʲ a w u 
	mʲ i a w u
miały 
	mʲ a w ɨ 
	mʲ i a w ɨ
miały 
	mʲ a w ɨ 
	mʲ i a w ɨ
miały 
	mʲ a w ɨ 
	mʲ i a w ɨ
mianach 
	mʲ a n a x 
	mʲ i a n a x
mianami 
	mʲ a n a mʲ i 
	mʲ i a n a mʲ i
miana 
	mʲ a n a 
	mʲ i a n a
miana 
	mʲ a n a 
	mʲ i a n a
miana 
	mʲ a n a 
	mʲ i a n a
miana 
	mʲ a n a 
	mʲ i a n a
mianem 
	mʲ a n ɛ m 
	mʲ i a n ɛ m
mianie 
	mʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	mʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
mian 
	mʲ a n 
	mʲ i a n
mianom 
	mʲ a n ɔ m 
	mʲ i a n ɔ m
miano 
	mʲ a n ɔ 
	mʲ i a n ɔ
miano 
	mʲ a n ɔ 
	mʲ i a n ɔ
miano 
	mʲ a n ɔ 
	mʲ i a n ɔ
mianu 
	mʲ a n u 
	mʲ i a n u
mianownik 
	mʲ a n ɔ v ɲ i k 
	mʲ i a n ɔ v ɲ i k
mianownik 
	mʲ a n ɔ v ɲ i k 
	mʲ i a n ɔ v ɲ i k
miarach 
	mʲ a r a x 
	mʲ i a r a x
miarami 
	mʲ a r a mʲ i 
	mʲ i a r a mʲ i
miarą 
	mʲ a r ɔ̃ 
	mʲ i a r ɔ̃
miara 
	mʲ a r a 
	mʲ i a r a
miarę 
	mʲ a r ɛ 
	mʲ i a r ɛ~
miar 
	mʲ a r 
	mʲ i a r
miarom 
	mʲ a r ɔ m 
	mʲ i a r ɔ m
miaro 
	mʲ a r ɔ 
	mʲ i a r ɔ
miary 
	mʲ a r ɨ 
	mʲ i a r ɨ
miary 
	mʲ a r ɨ 
	mʲ i a r ɨ
miary 
	mʲ a r ɨ 
	mʲ i a r ɨ
miary 
	mʲ a r ɨ 
	mʲ i a r ɨ
mierze 
	mʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ
mierze 
	mʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ
miasteczko 
	mʲ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ 
	mʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ
miasteczko 
	mʲ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ 
	mʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ
miasteczko 
	mʲ a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ 
	mʲ i a s t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ
miastach 
	mʲ a s t a x 
	mʲ i a s t a x
miastami 
	mʲ a s t a mʲ i 
	mʲ i a s t a mʲ i
miasta 
	mʲ a s t a 
	mʲ i a s t a
miasta 
	mʲ a s t a 
	mʲ i a s t a
miasta 
	mʲ a s t a 
	mʲ i a s t a
miasta 
	mʲ a s t a 
	mʲ i a s t a
miastem 
	mʲ a s t ɛ m 
	mʲ i a s t ɛ m
miast 
	mʲ a s t 
	mʲ i a s t
miastom 
	mʲ a s t ɔ m 
	mʲ i a s t ɔ m
miasto 
	mʲ a s t ɔ 
	mʲ i a s t ɔ
miasto 
	mʲ a s t ɔ 
	mʲ i a s t ɔ
miasto 
	mʲ a s t ɔ 
	mʲ i a s t ɔ
miastu 
	mʲ a s t u 
	mʲ i a s t u
mieście 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
miazga 
	mʲ a z ɡ a 
	mʲ i a z g a
miechach 
	mʲ ɛ x a x 
	mʲ i ɛ x a x
miechami 
	mʲ ɛ x a mʲ i 
	mʲ i ɛ x a mʲ i
miecha 
	mʲ ɛ x a 
	mʲ i ɛ x a
miechem 
	mʲ ɛ x ɛ m 
	mʲ i ɛ x ɛ m
miech 
	mʲ ɛ x 
	mʲ i ɛ x
miech 
	mʲ ɛ x 
	mʲ i ɛ x
miechom 
	mʲ ɛ x ɔ m 
	mʲ i ɛ x ɔ m
miechowi 
	mʲ ɛ x ɔ vʲ i 
	mʲ i ɛ x ɔ vʲ i
miechów 
	mʲ ɛ x u f 
	mʲ i ɛ x u v
miechu 
	mʲ ɛ x u 
	mʲ i ɛ x u
miechu 
	mʲ ɛ x u 
	mʲ i ɛ x u
miechy 
	mʲ ɛ x ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ x ɨ
miechy 
	mʲ ɛ x ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ x ɨ
miechy 
	mʲ ɛ x ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ x ɨ
mięczak 
	mʲ ɛ n t͡ʂ a k 
	mʲ i ɛ~t͡ʂ a k
miecz 
	mʲ ɛ t͡ʂ 
	mʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
miecz 
	mʲ ɛ t͡ʂ 
	mʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
miecznik 
	mʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	mʲ i ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
miednica 
	mʲ ɛ d ɲ i t͡s a 
	mʲ i ɛ d ɲ i t͡s a
miedzach 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z a x 
	mʲ i ɛ d z a x
miedzami 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z a mʲ i 
	mʲ i ɛ d z a mʲ i
miedzą 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɔ̃ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɔ̃
miedza 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z a 
	mʲ i ɛ d z a
miedze 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɛ
miedzę 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɛ~
miedze 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɛ
miedze 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɛ
miedz 
	mʲ ɛ t͡s 
	mʲ i ɛ t s
miedzom 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɔ m 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɔ m
miedzo 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɔ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɔ
miedzy 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɨ
miedzy 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɨ
miedzy 
	mʲ ɛ d͡z ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ d z ɨ
miedziak 
	mʲ ɛ d͡ʑ a k 
	mʲ i ɛ d ʑ i a k
międzyplon 
	mʲ ɛ n d͡z ɨ p l ɔ n 
	mʲ i ɛ~d z ɨ b l ɔ n
międzyplon 
	mʲ ɛ n d͡z ɨ p l ɔ n 
	mʲ i ɛ~d z ɨ b l ɔ n
miejscami 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s a mʲ i 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s a mʲ i
miejsca 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s a 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s a
miejsca 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s a 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s a
miejsca 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s a 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s a
miejsca 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s a 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s a
miejscem 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s ɛ m 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s ɛ m
miejsce 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s ɛ
miejsce 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s ɛ
miejsce 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s ɛ
miejscu 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s u 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s u
miejscu 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s u 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s u
miejscownik 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s ɔ v ɲ i k 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s ɔ v ɲ i k
miejscownik 
	mʲ ɛ j s t͡s ɔ v ɲ i k 
	mʲ i ɛ j s t͡s ɔ v ɲ i k
miesiąca 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡s a 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡s a
miesiące 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
miesiące 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
miesiące 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
miesiąc 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡s 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡s
miesiąc 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡s 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡s
miesiącu 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡s u 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡s u
miesiącu 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡s u 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡s u
miesięcy 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɛ n t͡s ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ~t͡s ɨ
miesiączek 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ k
miesiączka 
	mʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	mʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
mięśniami 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ a mʲ i 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i a mʲ i
mięśnia 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ a 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i a
mięśnie 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i ɛ
mięśnie 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i ɛ
mięśnie 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i ɛ
mięśni 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ i 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i
mięśniom 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ ɔ m 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i ɔ m
mięśniowi 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
mięśniu 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ u 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i u
mięśniu 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɲ u 
	mʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i u
mięsami 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s a mʲ i 
	mʲ i ɛ~s a mʲ i
mięsa 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s a 
	mʲ i ɛ~s a
mięsa 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s a 
	mʲ i ɛ~s a
mięsa 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s a 
	mʲ i ɛ~s a
mięsa 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s a 
	mʲ i ɛ~s a
mięsie 
	mʲ ɛ̃ ɕ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ~ɕ i ɛ
mięsom 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s ɔ m 
	mʲ i ɛ~s ɔ m
mięso 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s ɔ 
	mʲ i ɛ~s ɔ
mięso 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s ɔ 
	mʲ i ɛ~s ɔ
mięso 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s ɔ 
	mʲ i ɛ~s ɔ
mięsu 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s u 
	mʲ i ɛ~s u
mięsożerca 
	mʲ ɛ̃ s ɔ ʐ ɛ r t͡s a 
	mʲ i ɛ~s ɔ ʐ ɛ r t͡s a
mieszanka 
	mʲ ɛ ʂ a n k a 
	mʲ i ɛ ʂ a n k a
mieszkaniec 
	mʲ ɛ ʂ k a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	mʲ i ɛ ʂ k a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
mieszkanie 
	mʲ ɛ ʂ k a ɲ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ʂ k a ɲ i ɛ
mieszkanie 
	mʲ ɛ ʂ k a ɲ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ʂ k a ɲ i ɛ
mieszkanie 
	mʲ ɛ ʂ k a ɲ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ ʂ k a ɲ i ɛ
mięcie 
	mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
mięcie 
	mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
miętą 
	mʲ ɛ n t ɔ̃ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t ɔ̃
mięta 
	mʲ ɛ n t a 
	mʲ i ɛ~t a
miętę 
	mʲ ɛ n t ɛ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t ɛ~
mięto 
	mʲ ɛ n t ɔ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t ɔ
mięty 
	mʲ ɛ n t ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t ɨ
mięty 
	mʲ ɛ n t ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t ɨ
mięty 
	mʲ ɛ n t ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t ɨ
mięty 
	mʲ ɛ n t ɨ 
	mʲ i ɛ~t ɨ
miętus 
	mʲ ɛ n t u s 
	mʲ i ɛ~t u s
migawka 
	mʲ i ɡ a f k a 
	mʲ i g a v k a
migdał 
	mʲ i ɡ d a w 
	mʲ i g d a w
migdał 
	mʲ i ɡ d a w 
	mʲ i g d a w
migdałowiec 
	mʲ i ɡ d a w ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	mʲ i g d a w ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
migdałowiec 
	mʲ i ɡ d a w ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	mʲ i g d a w ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
migrena 
	mʲ i ɡ r ɛ n a 
	mʲ i k r ɛ n a
mikroorganizm 
	mʲ i k r ɔ ʔ ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z m 
	mʲ i k r ɔ ɔ r g a ɲ i z m
mikroorganizm 
	mʲ i k r ɔ ʔ ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z m 
	mʲ i k r ɔ ɔ r g a ɲ i z m
miliarder 
	mʲ i lʲ a r d ɛ r 
	mʲ i lʲ i a r d ɛ r
miligram 
	mʲ i lʲ i ɡ r a m 
	mʲ i lʲ i k r a m
miligram 
	mʲ i lʲ i ɡ r a m 
	mʲ i lʲ i k r a m
milioner 
	mʲ i lʲ ɔ n ɛ r 
	mʲ i lʲ i ɔ n ɛ r
miłością 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
miłości 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
miłości 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
miłości 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
miłości 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
miłości 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
miłości 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
miłości 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
miłości 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
miłość 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
miłość 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
miłosierdzie 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ ɛ r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ i ɛ r d ʑ i ɛ
miłosierdzie 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ ɛ r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ i ɛ r d ʑ i ɛ
miłosierdzie 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ ɛ r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ i ɛ r d ʑ i ɛ
miłośnik 
	mʲ i w ɔ ɕ ɲ i k 
	mʲ i w ɔ ʑ ɲ i k
ministerstwo 
	mʲ i ɲ i s t ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	mʲ i ɲ i s t ɛ r s d v ɔ
ministerstwo 
	mʲ i ɲ i s t ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	mʲ i ɲ i s t ɛ r s d v ɔ
ministerstwo 
	mʲ i ɲ i s t ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	mʲ i ɲ i s t ɛ r s d v ɔ
minutę 
	mʲ i n u t ɛ 
	mʲ i n u t ɛ~
miodokwiat 
	mʲ ɔ d ɔ k fʲ a t 
	mʲ i ɔ d ɔ g vʲ i a t
miodokwiat 
	mʲ ɔ d ɔ k fʲ a t 
	mʲ i ɔ d ɔ g vʲ i a t
mioteł 
	mʲ ɔ t ɛ w 
	mʲ i ɔ t ɛ w
miotłach 
	mʲ ɔ t w a x 
	mʲ i ɔ t w a x
miotłami 
	mʲ ɔ t w a mʲ i 
	mʲ i ɔ t w a mʲ i
miotła 
	mʲ ɔ t w a 
	mʲ i ɔ t w a
miotłę 
	mʲ ɔ t w ɛ 
	mʲ i ɔ t w ɛ~
miotle 
	mʲ ɔ t l ɛ 
	mʲ i ɔ d l ɛ
miotle 
	mʲ ɔ t l ɛ 
	mʲ i ɔ d l ɛ
miotłom 
	mʲ ɔ t w ɔ m 
	mʲ i ɔ t w ɔ m
miotło 
	mʲ ɔ t w ɔ 
	mʲ i ɔ t w ɔ
miotły 
	mʲ ɔ t w ɨ 
	mʲ i ɔ t w ɨ
miotły 
	mʲ ɔ t w ɨ 
	mʲ i ɔ t w ɨ
miotły 
	mʲ ɔ t w ɨ 
	mʲ i ɔ t w ɨ
miotły 
	mʲ ɔ t w ɨ 
	mʲ i ɔ t w ɨ
miocie 
	mʲ ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
miocie 
	mʲ ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
miotach 
	mʲ ɔ t a x 
	mʲ i ɔ t a x
miotami 
	mʲ ɔ t a mʲ i 
	mʲ i ɔ t a mʲ i
miotem 
	mʲ ɔ t ɛ m 
	mʲ i ɔ t ɛ m
miot 
	mʲ ɔ t 
	mʲ i ɔ t
miot 
	mʲ ɔ t 
	mʲ i ɔ t
miotom 
	mʲ ɔ t ɔ m 
	mʲ i ɔ t ɔ m
miotów 
	mʲ ɔ t u f 
	mʲ i ɔ t u v
miotu 
	mʲ ɔ t u 
	mʲ i ɔ t u
mioty 
	mʲ ɔ t ɨ 
	mʲ i ɔ t ɨ
mioty 
	mʲ ɔ t ɨ 
	mʲ i ɔ t ɨ
mioty 
	mʲ ɔ t ɨ 
	mʲ i ɔ t ɨ
misę 
	mʲ i s ɛ 
	mʲ i s ɛ~
misie 
	mʲ i ɕ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɕ i ɛ
misie 
	mʲ i ɕ ɛ 
	mʲ i ɕ i ɛ
misja 
	mʲ i s j a 
	mʲ i z j a
misjonarz 
	mʲ i s j ɔ n a ʂ 
	mʲ i z j ɔ n a ʂ
miskę 
	mʲ i s k ɛ 
	mʲ i s k ɛ~
mistrza 
	mʲ i s t ʂ a 
	mʲ i s t ʐ a
mistrza 
	mʲ i s t ʂ a 
	mʲ i s t ʐ a
mistrzem 
	mʲ i s t ʂ ɛ m 
	mʲ i s t ʐ ɛ m
mistrzowi 
	mʲ i s t ʂ ɔ vʲ i 
	mʲ i s t ʐ ɔ vʲ i
mistrzu 
	mʲ i s t ʂ u 
	mʲ i s t ʐ u
mistrzu 
	mʲ i s t ʂ u 
	mʲ i s t ʐ u
mitologia 
	mʲ i t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	mʲ i t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
mizeria 
	mʲ i z ɛ rʲ j a 
	mʲ i z ɛ rʲ i a
mizoginia 
	mʲ i z ɔ ɡʲ i ɲ a 
	mʲ i z ɔ gʲ i ɲ i a
młodego 
	m w ɔ d ɛ ɡ ɔ 
	m w ɔ d ɛ g ɔ
młodziwo 
	m w ɔ d͡ʑ i v ɔ 
	m w ɔ d ʑ i v ɔ
młodziwo 
	m w ɔ d͡ʑ i v ɔ 
	m w ɔ d ʑ i v ɔ
młodziwo 
	m w ɔ d͡ʑ i v ɔ 
	m w ɔ d ʑ i v ɔ
mniejszość 
	m ɲ ɛ j ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m ɲ i ɛ j ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
mniejszość 
	m ɲ ɛ j ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m ɲ i ɛ j ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
mnożenie 
	m n ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	m n ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
mnożenie 
	m n ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	m n ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
mnożenie 
	m n ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	m n ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
modłę 
	m ɔ d w ɛ 
	m ɔ d w ɛ~
modlitwa 
	m ɔ d lʲ i t f a 
	m ɔ d lʲ i d v a
modrzew 
	m ɔ d ʐ ɛ f 
	m ɔ d ʐ ɛ v
modrzew 
	m ɔ d ʐ ɛ f 
	m ɔ d ʐ ɛ v
mogiła 
	m ɔ ɡʲ i w a 
	m ɔ gʲ i w a
mogiłę 
	m ɔ ɡʲ i w ɛ 
	m ɔ gʲ i w ɛ~
mogile 
	m ɔ ɡʲ i l ɛ 
	m ɔ gʲ i l ɛ
mogile 
	m ɔ ɡʲ i l ɛ 
	m ɔ gʲ i l ɛ
momencie 
	m ɔ m ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɔ m ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
momencie 
	m ɔ m ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɔ m ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
monarchia 
	m ɔ n a r xʲ j a 
	m ɔ n a r xʲ i a
monogamia 
	m ɔ n ɔ ɡ a mʲ a 
	m ɔ n ɔ g a mʲ i a
monotlenek 
	m ɔ n ɔ t l ɛ n ɛ k 
	m ɔ n ɔ d l ɛ n ɛ k
monotlenek 
	m ɔ n ɔ t l ɛ n ɛ k 
	m ɔ n ɔ d l ɛ n ɛ k
montownia 
	m ɔ n t ɔ v ɲ a 
	m ɔ n t ɔ v ɲ i a
mordę 
	m ɔ r d ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ɛ~
mordzie 
	m ɔ r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ʑ i ɛ
mordzie 
	m ɔ r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ʑ i ɛ
mordercę 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r t͡s ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r t͡s ɛ~
morderstwa 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s t f a 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s d v a
morderstwa 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s t f a 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s d v a
morderstwa 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s t f a 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s d v a
morderstwa 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s t f a 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s d v a
morderstwo 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s d v ɔ
morderstwo 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s d v ɔ
morderstwo 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	m ɔ r d ɛ r s d v ɔ
mordów 
	m ɔ r d u f 
	m ɔ r d u v
mordzie 
	m ɔ r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ʑ i ɛ
mordzie 
	m ɔ r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ʑ i ɛ
mordobicie 
	m ɔ r d ɔ bʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ɔ bʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
mordobicie 
	m ɔ r d ɔ bʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ɔ bʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
mordobicie 
	m ɔ r d ɔ bʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ɔ bʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
mordowanie 
	m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
mordowanie 
	m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
mordowanie 
	m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
mordownia 
	m ɔ r d ɔ v ɲ a 
	m ɔ r d ɔ v ɲ i a
morfologia 
	m ɔ r f ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	m ɔ r f ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
morświn 
	m ɔ r ɕ fʲ i n 
	m ɔ r ʑ vʲ i n
moście 
	m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
moście 
	m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
mostów 
	m ɔ s t u f 
	m ɔ s t u v
motocykl 
	m ɔ t ɔ t͡s ɨ k l 
	m ɔ t ɔ t͡s ɨ g l
motocykl 
	m ɔ t ɔ t͡s ɨ k l 
	m ɔ t ɔ t͡s ɨ g l
motykę 
	m ɔ t ɨ k ɛ 
	m ɔ t ɨ k ɛ~
mowę 
	m ɔ v ɛ 
	m ɔ v ɛ~
mowie 
	m ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	m ɔ vʲ i ɛ
mowie 
	m ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	m ɔ vʲ i ɛ
mów 
	m u f 
	m u v
mozaika 
	m ɔ z a j k a 
	m ɔ z a i k a
móżdżek 
	m u ʐ d͡ʐ ɛ k 
	m u ʐ d ʐ ɛ k
móżdżek 
	m u ʐ d͡ʐ ɛ k 
	m u ʐ d ʐ ɛ k
mózgach 
	m u z ɡ a x 
	m u z g a x
mózgami 
	m u z ɡ a mʲ i 
	m u z g a mʲ i
mózgiem 
	m u z ɡʲ ɛ m 
	m u z gʲ i ɛ m
mózgi 
	m u z ɡʲ i 
	m u z gʲ i
mózgi 
	m u z ɡʲ i 
	m u z gʲ i
mózgi 
	m u z ɡʲ i 
	m u z gʲ i
mózgom 
	m u z ɡ ɔ m 
	m u z g ɔ m
mózgowi 
	m u z ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	m u z g ɔ vʲ i
mózgów 
	m u z ɡ u f 
	m u z g u v
mózgu 
	m u z ɡ u 
	m u z g u
mózgu 
	m u z ɡ u 
	m u z g u
mózgu 
	m u z ɡ u 
	m u z g u
możliwości 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
możliwości 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
możliwości 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
możliwości 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
możliwości 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
możliwości 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
możliwości 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
możliwości 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
możliwość 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
możliwość 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	m ɔ ʐ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
mrówce 
	m r u f t͡s ɛ 
	m r u v t͡s ɛ
mrówce 
	m r u f t͡s ɛ 
	m r u v t͡s ɛ
mrówkach 
	m r u f k a x 
	m r u v k a x
mrówkami 
	m r u f k a mʲ i 
	m r u v k a mʲ i
mrówką 
	m r u f k ɔ̃ 
	m r u v k ɔ̃
mrówka 
	m r u f k a 
	m r u v k a
mrówkę 
	m r u f k ɛ 
	m r u v k ɛ~
mrówki 
	m r u f kʲ i 
	m r u v kʲ i
mrówki 
	m r u f kʲ i 
	m r u v kʲ i
mrówki 
	m r u f kʲ i 
	m r u v kʲ i
mrówki 
	m r u f kʲ i 
	m r u v kʲ i
mrówkom 
	m r u f k ɔ m 
	m r u v k ɔ m
mrówko 
	m r u f k ɔ 
	m r u v k ɔ
mrówkojad 
	m r u f k ɔ j a t 
	m r u v k ɔ j a t
mrówkolew 
	m r u f k ɔ l ɛ f 
	m r u v k ɔ l ɛ v
mrozie 
	m r ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	m r ɔ ʑ i ɛ
mrozie 
	m r ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	m r ɔ ʑ i ɛ
mrozów 
	m r ɔ z u f 
	m r ɔ z u v
mszę 
	m ʂ ɛ 
	m ʂ ɛ~
muchę 
	m u x ɛ 
	m u x ɛ~
mućka 
	m u t͡ɕ k a 
	m u t͡ʂ k a
muflon 
	m u f l ɔ n 
	m u v l ɔ n
mulczowanie 
	m u l t͡ʂ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m u l t͡ʂ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
mulczowanie 
	m u l t͡ʂ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m u l t͡ʂ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
mulczowanie 
	m u l t͡ʂ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	m u l t͡ʂ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
mumia 
	m u mʲ a 
	m u mʲ i a
mundial 
	m u n d j a l 
	m u n dʲ i a l
mundial 
	m u n d j a l 
	m u n dʲ i a l
muslim 
	m u s lʲ i m 
	m u z lʲ i m
muszkiet 
	m u ʂ kʲ ɛ t 
	m u ʂ kʲ i ɛ t
muszkiet 
	m u ʂ kʲ ɛ t 
	m u ʂ kʲ i ɛ t
muszla 
	m u ʂ l a 
	m u ʐ l a
muzeum 
	m u z ɛ w u m 
	m u z ɛ u m
muzeum 
	m u z ɛ w u m 
	m u z ɛ u m
muzeum 
	m u z ɛ w u m 
	m u z ɛ u m
muzeum 
	m u z ɛ w u m 
	m u z ɛ u m
muzeum 
	m u z ɛ w u m 
	m u z ɛ u m
muzeum 
	m u z ɛ w u m 
	m u z ɛ u m
muzeum 
	m u z ɛ w u m 
	m u z ɛ u m
muzykiem 
	m u z ɨ kʲ ɛ m 
	m u z ɨ kʲ i ɛ m
muzyków 
	m u z ɨ k u f 
	m u z ɨ k u v
muzyków 
	m u z ɨ k u f 
	m u z ɨ k u v
myśliciel 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l
myśliwiec 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i vʲ i ɛ t͡s
myśliwiec 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i vʲ i ɛ t͡s
myśliwy 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i v ɨ 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i v ɨ
myśliwy 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i v ɨ 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i v ɨ
myśli 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i
myśli 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i
myśli 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i
myśli 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i
myśli 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i
myśli 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i
myśli 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i
myśli 
	m ɨ ɕ lʲ i 
	m ɨ ʑ lʲ i
myśl 
	m ɨ ɕ l 
	m ɨ ʑ l
myśl 
	m ɨ ɕ l 
	m ɨ ʑ l
myślnik 
	m ɨ ɕ l ɲ i k 
	m ɨ ʑ l ɲ i k
myślnik 
	m ɨ ɕ l ɲ i k 
	m ɨ ʑ l ɲ i k
myszołów 
	m ɨ ʂ ɔ w u f 
	m ɨ ʂ ɔ w u v
mycie 
	m ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	m ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
mżawka 
	m ʐ a f k a 
	m ʐ a v k a
nachrapnik 
	n a x r a p ɲ i k 
	n a x r a b ɲ i k
nachrapnik 
	n a x r a p ɲ i k 
	n a x r a b ɲ i k
naciach 
	n a t͡ɕ a x 
	n a t͡sʲ i a x
naciami 
	n a t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	n a t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
nacią 
	n a t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	n a t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
nacie 
	n a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a t͡sʲ i ɛ
nacie 
	n a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a t͡sʲ i ɛ
nacie 
	n a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a t͡sʲ i ɛ
naci 
	n a t͡ɕ i 
	n a t͡sʲ i
naci 
	n a t͡ɕ i 
	n a t͡sʲ i
naci 
	n a t͡ɕ i 
	n a t͡sʲ i
naci 
	n a t͡ɕ i 
	n a t͡sʲ i
naci 
	n a t͡ɕ i 
	n a t͡sʲ i
naciom 
	n a t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	n a t͡sʲ i ɔ m
nać 
	n a t͡ɕ 
	n a t͡ʂ
nać 
	n a t͡ɕ 
	n a t͡ʂ
naczynia 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ a 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i a
naczynia 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ a 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i a
naczynia 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ a 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i a
naczynia 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ a 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i a
naczynie 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
naczynie 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
naczynie 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ
naczyniówka 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ u f k a 
	n a t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i u v k a
nadawca 
	n a d a f t͡s a 
	n a d a v t͡s a
nadczłowiek 
	n a t t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ ɛ k 
	n a t t͡ʂ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ k
nadgarstek 
	n a d ɡ a r s t ɛ k 
	n a d g a r s t ɛ k
nadgarstek 
	n a d ɡ a r s t ɛ k 
	n a d g a r s t ɛ k
nadgorliwość 
	n a d ɡ ɔ r lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n a d g ɔ r lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nadgorliwość 
	n a d ɡ ɔ r lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n a d g ɔ r lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nadprzewodnik 
	n a t p ʂ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i k 
	n a t p ʐ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i k
nadprzewodnik 
	n a t p ʂ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i k 
	n a t p ʐ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i k
nadużycie 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
nadużycie 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
nadużycie 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
nadużyć 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ
nadużywanie 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
nadużywanie 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
nadużywanie 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n a d u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
nadziei 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ i 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ i
nadziei 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ i 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ i
nadziei 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ i 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ i
nadziei 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ i 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ i
nadzieja 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ j a 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ j a
nadzieje 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ j ɛ 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ j ɛ
nadzieję 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ j ɛ 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ j ɛ~
nadzieje 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ j ɛ 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ j ɛ
nadzieje 
	n a d͡ʑ ɛ j ɛ 
	n a d ʑ i ɛ j ɛ
nadzorem 
	n a d͡z ɔ r ɛ m 
	n a d z ɔ r ɛ m
nadzór 
	n a d͡z z u r 
	n a d z u r
nadzór 
	n a d͡z z u r 
	n a d z u r
nadzorowi 
	n a d͡z ɔ r ɔ vʲ i 
	n a d z ɔ r ɔ vʲ i
nadzoru 
	n a d͡z ɔ r u 
	n a d z ɔ r u
nadzorze 
	n a d͡z ɔ ʐ ɛ 
	n a d z ɔ ʐ ɛ
nadzorze 
	n a d͡z ɔ ʐ ɛ 
	n a d z ɔ ʐ ɛ
nagietek 
	n a ɡʲ ɛ t ɛ k 
	n a gʲ i ɛ t ɛ k
nagietek 
	n a ɡʲ ɛ t ɛ k 
	n a gʲ i ɛ t ɛ k
nagłówek 
	n a ɡ w u v ɛ k 
	n a g w u v ɛ k
nagłówek 
	n a ɡ w u v ɛ k 
	n a g w u v ɛ k
nagonka 
	n a ɡ ɔ n k a 
	n a g ɔ n k a
nagroda 
	n a ɡ r ɔ d a 
	n a k r ɔ d a
nagrodę 
	n a ɡ r ɔ d ɛ 
	n a k r ɔ d ɛ~
nagrywarka 
	n a ɡ r ɨ v a r k a 
	n a k r ɨ v a r k a
nakrętka 
	n a k r ɛ n t k a 
	n a k r ɛ~t k a
naleśnik 
	n a l ɛ ɕ ɲ i k 
	n a l ɛ ʑ ɲ i k
nalewanie 
	n a l ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n a l ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
nalewanie 
	n a l ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n a l ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
nalewanie 
	n a l ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n a l ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
nalewka 
	n a l ɛ f k a 
	n a l ɛ v k a
namiętność 
	n a mʲ ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n a mʲ i ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
namiętność 
	n a mʲ ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n a mʲ i ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
namiot 
	n a mʲ ɔ t 
	n a mʲ i ɔ t
namiot 
	n a mʲ ɔ t 
	n a mʲ i ɔ t
naparstnica 
	n a p a r s t ɲ i t͡s a 
	n a p a r s d ɲ i t͡s a
napastnik 
	n a p a s t ɲ i k 
	n a p a s d ɲ i k
napięcie 
	n a pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
napięcie 
	n a pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
napięcie 
	n a pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
napierdalanka 
	n a pʲ ɛ r d a l a n k a 
	n a pʲ i ɛ r d a l a n k a
napisów 
	n a pʲ i s u f 
	n a pʲ i s u v
napletek 
	n a p l ɛ t ɛ k 
	n a b l ɛ t ɛ k
napletek 
	n a p l ɛ t ɛ k 
	n a b l ɛ t ɛ k
napojów 
	n a p ɔ j u f 
	n a p ɔ j u v
napowietrzanie 
	n a p ɔ vʲ ɛ t ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	n a p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
napowietrzanie 
	n a p ɔ vʲ ɛ t ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	n a p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
napowietrzanie 
	n a p ɔ vʲ ɛ t ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	n a p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
napraw 
	n a p r a f 
	n a p r a v
naprawianie 
	n a p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	n a p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
naprawianie 
	n a p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	n a p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
naprawianie 
	n a p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	n a p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
narciarstwo 
	n a r t͡ɕ a r s t f ɔ 
	n a r t͡sʲ i a r s d v ɔ
narciarstwo 
	n a r t͡ɕ a r s t f ɔ 
	n a r t͡sʲ i a r s d v ɔ
narciarstwo 
	n a r t͡ɕ a r s t f ɔ 
	n a r t͡sʲ i a r s d v ɔ
narciarz 
	n a r t͡ɕ a ʂ 
	n a r t͡sʲ i a ʂ
narkotyków 
	n a r k ɔ t ɨ k u f 
	n a r k ɔ t ɨ k u v
narodowość 
	n a r ɔ d ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n a r ɔ d ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
narodowość 
	n a r ɔ d ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n a r ɔ d ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
narów 
	n a r u f 
	n a r u v
narów 
	n a r u f 
	n a r u v
narcie 
	n a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
narcie 
	n a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
nartę 
	n a r t ɛ 
	n a r t ɛ~
narząd 
	n a ʐ ɔ n t 
	n a ʐ ɔ̃ t
narząd 
	n a ʐ ɔ n t 
	n a ʐ ɔ̃ t
narzędnik 
	n a ʐ ɛ n d ɲ i k 
	n a ʐ ɛ~d ɲ i k
narzędnik 
	n a ʐ ɛ n d ɲ i k 
	n a ʐ ɛ~d ɲ i k
narzędzie 
	n a ʐ ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	n a ʐ ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
narzędzie 
	n a ʐ ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	n a ʐ ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
narzędzie 
	n a ʐ ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	n a ʐ ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
narzekanie 
	n a ʐ ɛ k a ɲ ɛ 
	n a ʐ ɛ k a ɲ i ɛ
narzekanie 
	n a ʐ ɛ k a ɲ ɛ 
	n a ʐ ɛ k a ɲ i ɛ
narzekanie 
	n a ʐ ɛ k a ɲ ɛ 
	n a ʐ ɛ k a ɲ i ɛ
nasieniowód 
	n a ɕ ɛ ɲ ɔ v u t 
	n a ɕ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ v u t
nasieniowód 
	n a ɕ ɛ ɲ ɔ v u t 
	n a ɕ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ v u t
nasiono 
	n a ɕ ɔ n ɔ 
	n a ɕ i ɔ n ɔ
nasiono 
	n a ɕ ɔ n ɔ 
	n a ɕ i ɔ n ɔ
nasiono 
	n a ɕ ɔ n ɔ 
	n a ɕ i ɔ n ɔ
następnik 
	n a s t ɛ m p ɲ i k 
	n a s t ɛ~b ɲ i k
następnik 
	n a s t ɛ m p ɲ i k 
	n a s t ɛ~b ɲ i k
nauczycielka 
	n a u t͡ʂ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ l k a 
	n a u t͡ʂ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ l k a
nauczyciel 
	n a u t͡ʂ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	n a u t͡ʂ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ l
nauka 
	n a w u k a 
	n a u k a
naukę 
	n a u k ɛ 
	n a u k ɛ~
nauk 
	n a w u k 
	n a u k
naukowiec 
	n a w u k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	n a u k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
nawias 
	n a vʲ a s 
	n a vʲ i a s
nawias 
	n a vʲ a s 
	n a vʲ i a s
naziol 
	n a ʑ ɔ l 
	n a ʑ i ɔ l
nazwę 
	n a z v ɛ 
	n a z v ɛ~
nazwie 
	n a z vʲ ɛ 
	n a z vʲ i ɛ
nazwie 
	n a z vʲ ɛ 
	n a z vʲ i ɛ
nazw 
	n a s f 
	n a z v
nazwiskiem 
	n a z vʲ i s kʲ ɛ m 
	n a z vʲ i s kʲ i ɛ m
nędza 
	n ɛ n d͡z a 
	n ɛ~d z a
nędzy 
	n ɛ n d͡z ɨ 
	n ɛ~d z ɨ
nędzy 
	n ɛ n d͡z ɨ 
	n ɛ~d z ɨ
nędzy 
	n ɛ n d͡z ɨ 
	n ɛ~d z ɨ
negacja 
	n ɛ ɡ a t͡s j a 
	n ɛ g a t͡s j a
negatyw 
	n ɛ ɡ a t ɨ f 
	n ɛ g a t ɨ v
negatyw 
	n ɛ ɡ a t ɨ f 
	n ɛ g a t ɨ v
neologizm 
	n ɛ ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ i z m 
	n ɛ ɔ l ɔ gʲ i z m
neologizm 
	n ɛ ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ i z m 
	n ɛ ɔ l ɔ gʲ i z m
nerkę 
	n ɛ r k ɛ 
	n ɛ r k ɛ~
nerw 
	n ɛ r f 
	n ɛ r v
nerw 
	n ɛ r f 
	n ɛ r v
neutrino 
	n ɛ w t rʲ i n ɔ 
	n ɛ u t rʲ i n ɔ
neutrino 
	n ɛ w t rʲ i n ɔ 
	n ɛ u t rʲ i n ɔ
neutrino 
	n ɛ w t rʲ i n ɔ 
	n ɛ u t rʲ i n ɔ
neutron 
	n ɛ w t r ɔ n 
	n ɛ u t r ɔ n
neutron 
	n ɛ w t r ɔ n 
	n ɛ u t r ɔ n
nianiach 
	ɲ a ɲ a x 
	ɲ i a ɲ i a x
nianiami 
	ɲ a ɲ a mʲ i 
	ɲ i a ɲ i a mʲ i
nianią 
	ɲ a ɲ ɔ̃ 
	ɲ i a ɲ i ɔ̃
niania 
	ɲ a ɲ a 
	ɲ i a ɲ i a
nianie 
	ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
nianię 
	ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ~
nianie 
	ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
nianie 
	ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
niani 
	ɲ a ɲ i 
	ɲ i a ɲ i
niani 
	ɲ a ɲ i 
	ɲ i a ɲ i
niani 
	ɲ a ɲ i 
	ɲ i a ɲ i
nianiom 
	ɲ a ɲ ɔ m 
	ɲ i a ɲ i ɔ m
nianiu 
	ɲ a ɲ u 
	ɲ i a ɲ i u
niań 
	ɲ a ɲ 
	ɲ i a ɲ
nicień 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
niciach 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ a x 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i a x
niciami 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
nicią 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
nici 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i
nici 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i
nici 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i
nici 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i
nici 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i
nici 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i
nici 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i
nici 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ i 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i
niciom 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	ɲ i t͡sʲ i ɔ m
nić 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i t͡ʂ
nić 
	ɲ i t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i t͡ʂ
niebezpieczeństwie 
	ɲ ɛ b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t fʲ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d vʲ i ɛ
niebezpieczeństwo 
	ɲ ɛ b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
niebezpieczeństwo 
	ɲ ɛ b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
niebezpieczeństwo 
	ɲ ɛ b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
nieba 
	ɲ ɛ b a 
	ɲ i ɛ b a
nieba 
	ɲ ɛ b a 
	ɲ i ɛ b a
nieba 
	ɲ ɛ b a 
	ɲ i ɛ b a
nieba 
	ɲ ɛ b a 
	ɲ i ɛ b a
niebem 
	ɲ ɛ b ɛ m 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɛ m
niebie 
	ɲ ɛ bʲ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ bʲ i ɛ
nieb 
	ɲ ɛ p 
	ɲ i ɛ p
niebo 
	ɲ ɛ b ɔ 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɔ
niebo 
	ɲ ɛ b ɔ 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɔ
niebo 
	ɲ ɛ b ɔ 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɔ
niebu 
	ɲ ɛ b u 
	ɲ i ɛ b u
nieboskłon 
	ɲ ɛ b ɔ s k w ɔ n 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɔ s k w ɔ n
nieboskłon 
	ɲ ɛ b ɔ s k w ɔ n 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɔ s k w ɔ n
nieboszczyk 
	ɲ ɛ b ɔ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ k 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɔ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ k
niebyt 
	ɲ ɛ b ɨ t 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɨ t
niebyt 
	ɲ ɛ b ɨ t 
	ɲ i ɛ b ɨ t
niecierpek 
	ɲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ r p ɛ k 
	ɲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ r p ɛ k
niecierpek 
	ɲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ r p ɛ k 
	ɲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ r p ɛ k
niedopałek 
	ɲ ɛ d ɔ p a w ɛ k 
	ɲ i ɛ d ɔ p a w ɛ k
niedopałek 
	ɲ ɛ d ɔ p a w ɛ k 
	ɲ i ɛ d ɔ p a w ɛ k
niedorzecznik 
	ɲ ɛ d ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	ɲ i ɛ d ɔ ʐ ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
niedziela 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ ɛ l a 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ i ɛ l a
niedzielę 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ ɛ l ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ i ɛ l ɛ~
niedźwiadek 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ a d ɛ k 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i a d ɛ k
niedźwiedzica 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ i t͡s a 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i t͡s a
niedźwiedziach 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ a x 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i a x
niedźwiedziami 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ a mʲ i 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i a mʲ i
niedźwiedzia 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ a 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i a
niedźwiedzia 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ a 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i a
niedźwiedziem 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ ɛ m 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i ɛ m
niedźwiedzie 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i ɛ
niedźwiedzie 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i ɛ
niedźwiedzie 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i ɛ
niedźwiedzi 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ i 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i
niedźwiedziom 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ ɔ m 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i ɔ m
niedźwiedziowi 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ ɔ vʲ i 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i ɔ vʲ i
niedźwiedziu 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ u 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i u
niedźwiedziu 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ u 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ d ʑ i u
niedźwiedź 
	ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i ɛ d ʑ vʲ i ɛ t ɕ
nieład 
	ɲ ɛ w a t 
	ɲ i ɛ w a t
nieład 
	ɲ ɛ w a t 
	ɲ i ɛ w a t
niełupką 
	ɲ ɛ w u p k ɔ̃ 
	ɲ i ɛ w u p k ɔ̃
niełupka 
	ɲ ɛ w u p k a 
	ɲ i ɛ w u p k a
niemowlę 
	ɲ ɛ m ɔ v l ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ m ɔ v l ɛ~
niemowlę 
	ɲ ɛ m ɔ v l ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ m ɔ v l ɛ~
niemowlę 
	ɲ ɛ m ɔ v l ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ m ɔ v l ɛ~
niepełnosprawny 
	ɲ ɛ p ɛ w n ɔ s p r a v n ɨ 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɛ w n ɔ s p r a v n ɨ
niepełnosprawny 
	ɲ ɛ p ɛ w n ɔ s p r a v n ɨ 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɛ w n ɔ s p r a v n ɨ
niepewność 
	ɲ ɛ p ɛ v n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɛ v n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
niepewność 
	ɲ ɛ p ɛ v n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɛ v n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
niepokój 
	ɲ ɛ p ɔ k u j 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɔ k u j
niepokój 
	ɲ ɛ p ɔ k u j 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɔ k u j
nieporządek 
	ɲ ɛ p ɔ ʐ ɔ n d ɛ k 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ d ɛ k
nieporządek 
	ɲ ɛ p ɔ ʐ ɔ n d ɛ k 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ d ɛ k
niepowodzenie 
	ɲ ɛ p ɔ v ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɔ v ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
niepowodzenie 
	ɲ ɛ p ɔ v ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɔ v ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
niepowodzenie 
	ɲ ɛ p ɔ v ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ p ɔ v ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
nieprawda 
	ɲ ɛ p r a v d a 
	ɲ i ɛ p r a v d a
nierówność 
	ɲ ɛ r u v n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i ɛ r u v n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nierówność 
	ɲ ɛ r u v n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i ɛ r u v n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nieruchomość 
	ɲ ɛ r u x ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i ɛ r u x ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nieruchomość 
	ɲ ɛ r u x ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɲ i ɛ r u x ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
niesienie 
	ɲ ɛ ɕ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
niesienie 
	ɲ ɛ ɕ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
niesienie 
	ɲ ɛ ɕ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ ɕ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
niespodzianka 
	ɲ ɛ s p ɔ d͡ʑ a n k a 
	ɲ i ɛ s p ɔ d ʑ i a n k a
nietoperz 
	ɲ ɛ t ɔ p ɛ ʂ 
	ɲ i ɛ t ɔ p ɛ ʂ
nieuk 
	ɲ ɛ w u k 
	ɲ i ɛ u k
niewiadoma 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ a d ɔ m a 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i a d ɔ m a
niewiadome 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ a d ɔ m ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i a d ɔ m ɛ
niewiadome 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ a d ɔ m ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i a d ɔ m ɛ
niewiadome 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ a d ɔ m ɛ 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i a d ɔ m ɛ
niewiasta 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ a s t a 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i a s t a
niewidoma 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ i d ɔ m a 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i d ɔ m a
niewidoma 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ i d ɔ m a 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i d ɔ m a
niewidomy 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ i d ɔ m ɨ 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i d ɔ m ɨ
niewidomy 
	ɲ ɛ vʲ i d ɔ m ɨ 
	ɲ i ɛ vʲ i d ɔ m ɨ
niewolnik 
	ɲ ɛ v ɔ l ɲ i k 
	ɲ i ɛ v ɔ l ɲ i k
niezapominajka 
	ɲ ɛ z a p ɔ mʲ i n a j k a 
	ɲ i ɛ z a p ɔ mʲ i n a j k a
nikiel 
	ɲ i kʲ ɛ l 
	ɲ i kʲ i ɛ l
nikiel 
	ɲ i kʲ ɛ l 
	ɲ i kʲ i ɛ l
niob 
	ɲ ɔ p 
	ɲ i ɔ p
niob 
	ɲ ɔ p 
	ɲ i ɔ p
nioska 
	ɲ ɔ s k a 
	ɲ i ɔ s k a
niuans 
	ɲ u a n s 
	ɲ i u a n s
niuans 
	ɲ u a n s 
	ɲ i u a n s
niuton 
	ɲ u t ɔ n 
	ɲ i u t ɔ n
niuton 
	ɲ u t ɔ n 
	ɲ i u t ɔ n
niżów 
	ɲ i ʐ u f 
	ɲ i ʐ u v
nockę 
	n ɔ t͡s k ɛ 
	n ɔ t͡s k ɛ~
nodze 
	n ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	n ɔ d z ɛ
nodze 
	n ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	n ɔ d z ɛ
nogach 
	n ɔ ɡ a x 
	n ɔ g a x
nogami 
	n ɔ ɡ a mʲ i 
	n ɔ g a mʲ i
nogą 
	n ɔ ɡ ɔ̃ 
	n ɔ g ɔ̃
noga 
	n ɔ ɡ a 
	n ɔ g a
nogę 
	n ɔ ɡ ɛ 
	n ɔ g ɛ~
nogi 
	n ɔ ɡʲ i 
	n ɔ gʲ i
nogi 
	n ɔ ɡʲ i 
	n ɔ gʲ i
nogi 
	n ɔ ɡʲ i 
	n ɔ gʲ i
nogi 
	n ɔ ɡʲ i 
	n ɔ gʲ i
nogom 
	n ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	n ɔ g ɔ m
nogo 
	n ɔ ɡ ɔ 
	n ɔ g ɔ
nogawka 
	n ɔ ɡ a f k a 
	n ɔ g a v k a
nokaut 
	n ɔ k a w t 
	n ɔ k a u t
nokaut 
	n ɔ k a w t 
	n ɔ k a u t
norę 
	n ɔ r ɛ 
	n ɔ r ɛ~
nośnik 
	n ɔ ɕ ɲ i k 
	n ɔ ʑ ɲ i k
nośnik 
	n ɔ ɕ ɲ i k 
	n ɔ ʑ ɲ i k
nosie 
	n ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	n ɔ ɕ i ɛ
nosie 
	n ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	n ɔ ɕ i ɛ
nosów 
	n ɔ s u f 
	n ɔ s u v
notariusz 
	n ɔ t a rʲ j u ʂ 
	n ɔ t a rʲ i u ʂ
notatnik 
	n ɔ t a t ɲ i k 
	n ɔ t a d ɲ i k
notatnik 
	n ɔ t a t ɲ i k 
	n ɔ t a d ɲ i k
notowanie 
	n ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
notowanie 
	n ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
notowanie 
	n ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
nowiem 
	n ɔ vʲ ɛ m 
	n ɔ vʲ i ɛ m
nowiowi 
	n ɔ vʲ ɔ vʲ i 
	n ɔ vʲ i ɔ vʲ i
nowiu 
	n ɔ vʲ u 
	n ɔ vʲ i u
nowiu 
	n ɔ vʲ u 
	n ɔ vʲ i u
nowiu 
	n ɔ vʲ u 
	n ɔ vʲ i u
nów 
	n u f 
	n u v
nów 
	n u f 
	n u v
nowość 
	n ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nowość 
	n ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nowotwór 
	n ɔ v ɔ t f u r 
	n ɔ v ɔ d v u r
nowotwór 
	n ɔ v ɔ t f u r 
	n ɔ v ɔ d v u r
nowożytność 
	n ɔ v ɔ ʐ ɨ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n ɔ v ɔ ʐ ɨ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nowożytność 
	n ɔ v ɔ ʐ ɨ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	n ɔ v ɔ ʐ ɨ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
nóżkę 
	n u ʂ k ɛ 
	n u ʂ k ɛ~
nudności 
	n u d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	n u d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
nudności 
	n u d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	n u d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
nudności 
	n u d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	n u d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
nudności 
	n u d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	n u d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
nukleon 
	n u k l ɛ ɔ n 
	n u g l ɛ ɔ n
nukleon 
	n u k l ɛ ɔ n 
	n u g l ɛ ɔ n
numerowanie 
	n u m ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n u m ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
numerowanie 
	n u m ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n u m ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
numerowanie 
	n u m ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	n u m ɛ r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
nurkiem 
	n u r kʲ ɛ m 
	n u r kʲ i ɛ m
nurkowie 
	n u r k ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	n u r k ɔ vʲ i ɛ
nurkowie 
	n u r k ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	n u r k ɔ vʲ i ɛ
nurków 
	n u r k u f 
	n u r k u v
nurków 
	n u r k u f 
	n u r k u v
nurów 
	n u r u f 
	n u r u v
nurcie 
	n u r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n u r t͡sʲ i ɛ
nurcie 
	n u r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n u r t͡sʲ i ɛ
nurtów 
	n u r t u f 
	n u r t u v
nucie 
	n u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n u t͡sʲ i ɛ
nucie 
	n u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	n u t͡sʲ i ɛ
nutria 
	n u t rʲ j a 
	n u t rʲ i a
obaw 
	ɔ b a f 
	ɔ b a v
obcęgi 
	ɔ p t͡s ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ p t͡s ɛ~gʲ i
obcęgi 
	ɔ p t͡s ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ p t͡s ɛ~gʲ i
obcęgi 
	ɔ p t͡s ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ p t͡s ɛ~gʲ i
obciążenie 
	ɔ p t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
obciążenie 
	ɔ p t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
obciążenie 
	ɔ p t͡ɕ ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
obelga 
	ɔ b ɛ l ɡ a 
	ɔ b ɛ l g a
obiad 
	ɔ bʲ a t 
	ɔ bʲ i a t
obiad 
	ɔ bʲ a t 
	ɔ bʲ i a t
obiecadło 
	ɔ bʲ ɛ t͡s a d w ɔ 
	ɔ bʲ i ɛ t͡s a d w ɔ
obiecadło 
	ɔ bʲ ɛ t͡s a d w ɔ 
	ɔ bʲ i ɛ t͡s a d w ɔ
obiecadło 
	ɔ bʲ ɛ t͡s a d w ɔ 
	ɔ bʲ i ɛ t͡s a d w ɔ
obiekt 
	ɔ bʲ ɛ k t 
	ɔ bʲ i ɛ k t
obiekt 
	ɔ bʲ ɛ k t 
	ɔ bʲ i ɛ k t
obiektyw 
	ɔ bʲ ɛ k t ɨ f 
	ɔ bʲ i ɛ k t ɨ v
obiektyw 
	ɔ bʲ ɛ k t ɨ f 
	ɔ bʲ i ɛ k t ɨ v
obietnica 
	ɔ bʲ ɛ t ɲ i t͡s a 
	ɔ bʲ i ɛ d ɲ i t͡s a
objaw 
	ɔ b j a f 
	ɔ b j a v
objaw 
	ɔ b j a f 
	ɔ b j a v
objętość 
	ɔ b j ɛ n t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ b j ɛ~t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
objętość 
	ɔ b j ɛ n t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ b j ɛ~t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
obłęd 
	ɔ b w ɛ n t 
	ɔ b w ɛ~t
obłęd 
	ɔ b w ɛ n t 
	ɔ b w ɛ~t
oblężenie 
	ɔ b l ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ b l ɛ~ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
oblężenie 
	ɔ b l ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ b l ɛ~ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
oblężenie 
	ɔ b l ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ b l ɛ~ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
obligacja 
	ɔ b lʲ i ɡ a t͡s j a 
	ɔ b lʲ i g a t͡s j a
obłość 
	ɔ b w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ b w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
obłość 
	ɔ b w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ b w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
oboczność 
	ɔ b ɔ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ b ɔ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
oboczność 
	ɔ b ɔ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ b ɔ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
obowiązek 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ ɔ̃ z ɛ k 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ i ɔ̃ z ɛ k
obowiązek 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ ɔ̃ z ɛ k 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ i ɔ̃ z ɛ k
obowiązki 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ ɔ̃ s kʲ i 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ i ɔ̃ s kʲ i
obowiązki 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ ɔ̃ s kʲ i 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ i ɔ̃ s kʲ i
obowiązki 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ ɔ̃ s kʲ i 
	ɔ b ɔ vʲ i ɔ̃ s kʲ i
obozie 
	ɔ b ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ b ɔ ʑ i ɛ
obozie 
	ɔ b ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ b ɔ ʑ i ɛ
obozów 
	ɔ b ɔ z u f 
	ɔ b ɔ z u v
obrączka 
	ɔ b r ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	ɔ p r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
obrażanie 
	ɔ b r a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
obrażanie 
	ɔ b r a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
obrażanie 
	ɔ b r a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
obrażenie 
	ɔ b r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
obrażenie 
	ɔ b r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
obrażenie 
	ɔ b r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
obrazach 
	ɔ b r a z a x 
	ɔ p r a z a x
obrazami 
	ɔ b r a z a mʲ i 
	ɔ p r a z a mʲ i
obrazem 
	ɔ b r a z ɛ m 
	ɔ p r a z ɛ m
obrazie 
	ɔ b r a ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ p r a ʑ i ɛ
obrazie 
	ɔ b r a ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ p r a ʑ i ɛ
obraz 
	ɔ b r a s 
	ɔ p r a s
obraz 
	ɔ b r a s 
	ɔ p r a s
obrazom 
	ɔ b r a z ɔ m 
	ɔ p r a z ɔ m
obrazowi 
	ɔ b r a z ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ p r a z ɔ vʲ i
obrazów 
	ɔ b r a z u f 
	ɔ p r a z u v
obrazu 
	ɔ b r a z u 
	ɔ p r a z u
obrazy 
	ɔ b r a z ɨ 
	ɔ p r a z ɨ
obrazy 
	ɔ b r a z ɨ 
	ɔ p r a z ɨ
obrazy 
	ɔ b r a z ɨ 
	ɔ p r a z ɨ
obrok 
	ɔ b r ɔ k 
	ɔ p r ɔ k
obrok 
	ɔ b r ɔ k 
	ɔ p r ɔ k
obrona 
	ɔ b r ɔ n a 
	ɔ p r ɔ n a
obrony 
	ɔ b r ɔ n ɨ 
	ɔ p r ɔ n ɨ
obrony 
	ɔ b r ɔ n ɨ 
	ɔ p r ɔ n ɨ
obrony 
	ɔ b r ɔ n ɨ 
	ɔ p r ɔ n ɨ
obrony 
	ɔ b r ɔ n ɨ 
	ɔ p r ɔ n ɨ
obrót 
	ɔ b r u t 
	ɔ p r u t
obrót 
	ɔ b r u t 
	ɔ p r u t
obrotowi 
	ɔ b r ɔ t ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ p r ɔ t ɔ vʲ i
obrus 
	ɔ b r u s 
	ɔ p r u s
obrus 
	ɔ b r u s 
	ɔ p r u s
obrzęd 
	ɔ b ʐ ɛ n t 
	ɔ b ʐ ɛ~t
obrzęd 
	ɔ b ʐ ɛ n t 
	ɔ b ʐ ɛ~t
obrzęk 
	ɔ b ʐ ɛ ŋ k 
	ɔ b ʐ ɛ~k
obrzęk 
	ɔ b ʐ ɛ ŋ k 
	ɔ b ʐ ɛ~k
obserwowanie 
	ɔ p s ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p s ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
obserwowanie 
	ɔ p s ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p s ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
obserwowanie 
	ɔ p s ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p s ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
obsesja 
	ɔ p s ɛ s j a 
	ɔ p s ɛ z j a
obuwie 
	ɔ b u vʲ ɛ 
	ɔ b u vʲ i ɛ
obuwie 
	ɔ b u vʲ ɛ 
	ɔ b u vʲ i ɛ
obuwie 
	ɔ b u vʲ ɛ 
	ɔ b u vʲ i ɛ
obywatelstwo 
	ɔ b ɨ v a t ɛ l s t f ɔ 
	ɔ b ɨ v a t ɛ l s d v ɔ
obywatelstwo 
	ɔ b ɨ v a t ɛ l s t f ɔ 
	ɔ b ɨ v a t ɛ l s d v ɔ
obywatelstwo 
	ɔ b ɨ v a t ɛ l s t f ɔ 
	ɔ b ɨ v a t ɛ l s d v ɔ
obżarstwo 
	ɔ b ʐ a r s t f ɔ 
	ɔ b ʐ a r s d v ɔ
obżarstwo 
	ɔ b ʐ a r s t f ɔ 
	ɔ b ʐ a r s d v ɔ
obżarstwo 
	ɔ b ʐ a r s t f ɔ 
	ɔ b ʐ a r s d v ɔ
ocenie 
	ɔ t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ocenie 
	ɔ t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
occie 
	ɔ t͡s t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ t͡s t͡sʲ i ɛ
occie 
	ɔ t͡s t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ t͡s t͡sʲ i ɛ
octów 
	ɔ t͡s t u f 
	ɔ t͡s t u v
ochrę 
	ɔ x r ɛ 
	ɔ x r ɛ~
ochrze 
	ɔ x ʂ ɛ 
	ɔ x ʐ ɛ
ochrze 
	ɔ x ʂ ɛ 
	ɔ x ʐ ɛ
ochroniarz 
	ɔ x r ɔ ɲ a ʂ 
	ɔ x r ɔ ɲ i a ʂ
oczęta 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ n t a 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ~t a
oczęta 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ n t a 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ~t a
oczęta 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ n t a 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ~t a
oczopląs 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ p l ɔ̃ s 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ b l ɔ̃ s
oczopląs 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ p l ɔ̃ s 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ b l ɔ̃ s
oczywistość 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
oczywistość 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
odbiornik 
	ɔ d bʲ ɔ r ɲ i k 
	ɔ d bʲ i ɔ r ɲ i k
odbiornik 
	ɔ d bʲ ɔ r ɲ i k 
	ɔ d bʲ i ɔ r ɲ i k
odchody 
	ɔ t x ɔ d ɨ 
	ɔ d x ɔ d ɨ
odchody 
	ɔ t x ɔ d ɨ 
	ɔ d x ɔ d ɨ
odchody 
	ɔ t x ɔ d ɨ 
	ɔ d x ɔ d ɨ
odcień 
	ɔ t t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	ɔ t t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
odcień 
	ɔ t t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	ɔ t t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
odcinek 
	ɔ t t͡ɕ i n ɛ k 
	ɔ t t͡sʲ i n ɛ k
odcinek 
	ɔ t t͡ɕ i n ɛ k 
	ɔ t t͡sʲ i n ɛ k
oddział 
	ɔ d d͡ʑ a w 
	ɔ d d ʑ i a w
oddział 
	ɔ d d͡ʑ a w 
	ɔ d d ʑ i a w
odejmowanie 
	ɔ d ɛ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d ɛ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
odejmowanie 
	ɔ d ɛ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d ɛ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
odejmowanie 
	ɔ d ɛ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d ɛ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
odkrycie 
	ɔ t k r ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ t k r ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
odkrycie 
	ɔ t k r ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ t k r ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
odkrycie 
	ɔ t k r ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ t k r ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
odkryć 
	ɔ t k r ɨ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ t k r ɨ t͡ʂ
odległość 
	ɔ d l ɛ ɡ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ d l ɛ g w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
odległość 
	ɔ d l ɛ ɡ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ d l ɛ g w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
odlew 
	ɔ d l ɛ f 
	ɔ d l ɛ v
odlew 
	ɔ d l ɛ f 
	ɔ d l ɛ v
odmiana 
	ɔ d mʲ a n a 
	ɔ d mʲ i a n a
odmów 
	ɔ d m u f 
	ɔ d m u v
odpływ 
	ɔ t p w ɨ f 
	ɔ t p w ɨ v
odpływ 
	ɔ t p w ɨ f 
	ɔ t p w ɨ v
odporność 
	ɔ t p ɔ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ t p ɔ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
odporność 
	ɔ t p ɔ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ t p ɔ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
odpowiedź 
	ɔ t p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ t p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ɕ
odpowiedź 
	ɔ t p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ t p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ɕ
odraczanie 
	ɔ d r a t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t r a t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
odraczanie 
	ɔ d r a t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t r a t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
odraczanie 
	ɔ d r a t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t r a t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
odradzanie 
	ɔ d r a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t r a d z a ɲ i ɛ
odradzanie 
	ɔ d r a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t r a d z a ɲ i ɛ
odradzanie 
	ɔ d r a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t r a d z a ɲ i ɛ
odraza 
	ɔ d r a z a 
	ɔ t r a z a
odstęp 
	ɔ t s t ɛ m p 
	ɔ t s t ɛ~p
odstęp 
	ɔ t s t ɛ m p 
	ɔ t s t ɛ~p
odszkodowanie 
	ɔ t ʂ k ɔ d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t ʂ k ɔ d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
odszkodowanie 
	ɔ t ʂ k ɔ d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t ʂ k ɔ d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
odszkodowanie 
	ɔ t ʂ k ɔ d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t ʂ k ɔ d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
odwiedzanie 
	ɔ d vʲ ɛ d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d vʲ i ɛ d z a ɲ i ɛ
odwiedzanie 
	ɔ d vʲ ɛ d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d vʲ i ɛ d z a ɲ i ɛ
odwiedzanie 
	ɔ d vʲ ɛ d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d vʲ i ɛ d z a ɲ i ɛ
odwodnienie 
	ɔ d v ɔ d ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d v ɔ d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
odwodnienie 
	ɔ d v ɔ d ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d v ɔ d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
odwodnienie 
	ɔ d v ɔ d ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ d v ɔ d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
odwrotność 
	ɔ d v r ɔ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ d v r ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
odwrotność 
	ɔ d v r ɔ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ d v r ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
odżywka 
	ɔ d ʐ ɨ f k a 
	ɔ d ʐ ɨ v k a
ofertę 
	ɔ f ɛ r t ɛ 
	ɔ f ɛ r t ɛ~
ofiarą 
	ɔ fʲ a r ɔ̃ 
	ɔ fʲ i a r ɔ̃
ofiara 
	ɔ fʲ a r a 
	ɔ fʲ i a r a
ofiar 
	ɔ fʲ a r 
	ɔ fʲ i a r
ofiary 
	ɔ fʲ a r ɨ 
	ɔ fʲ i a r ɨ
ofiary 
	ɔ fʲ a r ɨ 
	ɔ fʲ i a r ɨ
ofiary 
	ɔ fʲ a r ɨ 
	ɔ fʲ i a r ɨ
ofiary 
	ɔ fʲ a r ɨ 
	ɔ fʲ i a r ɨ
ogara 
	ɔ ɡ a r a 
	ɔ g a r a
ogara 
	ɔ ɡ a r a 
	ɔ g a r a
ogar 
	ɔ ɡ a r 
	ɔ g a r
ogień 
	ɔ ɡʲ ɛ ɲ 
	ɔ gʲ i ɛ ɲ
ogień 
	ɔ ɡʲ ɛ ɲ 
	ɔ gʲ i ɛ ɲ
ogier 
	ɔ ɡʲ ɛ r 
	ɔ gʲ i ɛ r
oglądanie 
	ɔ ɡ l ɔ n d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ g l ɔ̃ d a ɲ i ɛ
oglądanie 
	ɔ ɡ l ɔ n d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ g l ɔ̃ d a ɲ i ɛ
oglądanie 
	ɔ ɡ l ɔ n d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ g l ɔ̃ d a ɲ i ɛ
ogłoszenie 
	ɔ ɡ w ɔ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ g w ɔ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ogłoszenie 
	ɔ ɡ w ɔ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ g w ɔ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ogłoszenie 
	ɔ ɡ w ɔ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ g w ɔ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ogłowie 
	ɔ ɡ w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	ɔ g w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
ogłowie 
	ɔ ɡ w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	ɔ g w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
ogłowie 
	ɔ ɡ w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	ɔ g w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
ognisko 
	ɔ ɡ ɲ i s k ɔ 
	ɔ g ɲ i s k ɔ
ognisko 
	ɔ ɡ ɲ i s k ɔ 
	ɔ g ɲ i s k ɔ
ognisko 
	ɔ ɡ ɲ i s k ɔ 
	ɔ g ɲ i s k ɔ
ogniskowa 
	ɔ ɡ ɲ i s k ɔ v a 
	ɔ g ɲ i s k ɔ v a
ogniskowa 
	ɔ ɡ ɲ i s k ɔ v a 
	ɔ g ɲ i s k ɔ v a
ogonek 
	ɔ ɡ ɔ n ɛ k 
	ɔ g ɔ n ɛ k
ogonek 
	ɔ ɡ ɔ n ɛ k 
	ɔ g ɔ n ɛ k
ogonki 
	ɔ ɡ ɔ n kʲ i 
	ɔ g ɔ n kʲ i
ogonki 
	ɔ ɡ ɔ n kʲ i 
	ɔ g ɔ n kʲ i
ogonki 
	ɔ ɡ ɔ n kʲ i 
	ɔ g ɔ n kʲ i
ogon 
	ɔ ɡ ɔ n 
	ɔ g ɔ n
ogon 
	ɔ ɡ ɔ n 
	ɔ g ɔ n
ogórek 
	ɔ ɡ u r ɛ k 
	ɔ g u r ɛ k
ogórek 
	ɔ ɡ u r ɛ k 
	ɔ g u r ɛ k
ograniczanie 
	ɔ ɡ r a ɲ i t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r a ɲ i t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
ograniczanie 
	ɔ ɡ r a ɲ i t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r a ɲ i t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
ograniczanie 
	ɔ ɡ r a ɲ i t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r a ɲ i t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
ogrodnik 
	ɔ ɡ r ɔ d ɲ i k 
	ɔ k r ɔ d ɲ i k
ogród 
	ɔ ɡ r u t 
	ɔ k r u t
ogród 
	ɔ ɡ r u t 
	ɔ k r u t
ogrodowi 
	ɔ ɡ r ɔ d ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ k r ɔ d ɔ vʲ i
ogrodzenie 
	ɔ ɡ r ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ogrodzenie 
	ɔ ɡ r ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ogrodzenie 
	ɔ ɡ r ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ogra 
	ɔ ɡ r a 
	ɔ k r a
ogra 
	ɔ ɡ r a 
	ɔ k r a
ogr 
	ɔ ɡ r 
	ɔ k r
ogrom 
	ɔ ɡ r ɔ m 
	ɔ k r ɔ m
ogry 
	ɔ ɡ r ɨ 
	ɔ k r ɨ
ogry 
	ɔ ɡ r ɨ 
	ɔ k r ɨ
ogry 
	ɔ ɡ r ɨ 
	ɔ k r ɨ
ogrom 
	ɔ ɡ r ɔ m 
	ɔ k r ɔ m
ogrom 
	ɔ ɡ r ɔ m 
	ɔ k r ɔ m
ohm 
	ɔ m 
	ɔ x m
ohm 
	ɔ m 
	ɔ x m
ojciec 
	ɔ j t͡ɕ ɛ t͡s 
	ɔ j t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡s
okazanie 
	ɔ k a z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k a z a ɲ i ɛ
okazanie 
	ɔ k a z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k a z a ɲ i ɛ
okazanie 
	ɔ k a z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k a z a ɲ i ɛ
okaziciel 
	ɔ k a ʑ i t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	ɔ k a ʑ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l
okazie 
	ɔ k a ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ k a ʑ i ɛ
okazie 
	ɔ k a ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ k a ʑ i ɛ
okien 
	ɔ kʲ ɛ n 
	ɔ kʲ i ɛ n
oknach 
	ɔ k n a x 
	ɔ g n a x
oknami 
	ɔ k n a mʲ i 
	ɔ g n a mʲ i
okna 
	ɔ k n a 
	ɔ g n a
okna 
	ɔ k n a 
	ɔ g n a
okna 
	ɔ k n a 
	ɔ g n a
okna 
	ɔ k n a 
	ɔ g n a
oknem 
	ɔ k n ɛ m 
	ɔ g n ɛ m
oknie 
	ɔ k ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ g ɲ i ɛ
oknom 
	ɔ k n ɔ m 
	ɔ g n ɔ m
okno 
	ɔ k n ɔ 
	ɔ g n ɔ
okno 
	ɔ k n ɔ 
	ɔ g n ɔ
okno 
	ɔ k n ɔ 
	ɔ g n ɔ
oknu 
	ɔ k n u 
	ɔ g n u
okolicznik 
	ɔ k ɔ lʲ i t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	ɔ k ɔ lʲ i d͡ʐ ɲ i k
okolicznik 
	ɔ k ɔ lʲ i t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	ɔ k ɔ lʲ i d͡ʐ ɲ i k
okoniach 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ a x 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i a x
okoniami 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ a mʲ i 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i a mʲ i
okonia 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ a 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i a
okonia 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ a 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i a
okoniem 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ ɛ m 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i ɛ m
okonie 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i ɛ
okonie 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i ɛ
okonie 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i ɛ
okoniom 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ ɔ m 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i ɔ m
okoniowi 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
okoniu 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ u 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i u
okoniu 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ u 
	ɔ k ɔ ɲ i u
okopie 
	ɔ k ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	ɔ k ɔ pʲ i ɛ
okopów 
	ɔ k ɔ p u f 
	ɔ k ɔ p u v
okostna 
	ɔ k ɔ s t n a 
	ɔ k ɔ s d n a
okostna 
	ɔ k ɔ s t n a 
	ɔ k ɔ s d n a
okradanie 
	ɔ k r a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r a d a ɲ i ɛ
okradanie 
	ɔ k r a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r a d a ɲ i ɛ
okradanie 
	ɔ k r a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ k r a d a ɲ i ɛ
okrąg 
	ɔ k r ɔ ŋ k 
	ɔ k r ɔ̃ k
okrąg 
	ɔ k r ɔ ŋ k 
	ɔ k r ɔ̃ k
okręgach 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡ a x 
	ɔ k r ɛ~g a x
okręgami 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡ a mʲ i 
	ɔ k r ɛ~g a mʲ i
okręgiem 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	ɔ k r ɛ~gʲ i ɛ m
okręgi 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ k r ɛ~gʲ i
okręgi 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ k r ɛ~gʲ i
okręgi 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ k r ɛ~gʲ i
okręgom 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ m 
	ɔ k r ɛ~g ɔ m
okręgowi 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ k r ɛ~g ɔ vʲ i
okręgów 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡ u f 
	ɔ k r ɛ~g u v
okręgu 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡ u 
	ɔ k r ɛ~g u
okręgu 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡ u 
	ɔ k r ɛ~g u
okręgu 
	ɔ k r ɛ ŋ ɡ u 
	ɔ k r ɛ~g u
okręt 
	ɔ k r ɛ n t 
	ɔ k r ɛ~t
okręt 
	ɔ k r ɛ n t 
	ɔ k r ɛ~t
okrężnica 
	ɔ k r ɛ̃ ʐ ɲ i t͡s a 
	ɔ k r ɛ~ʐ ɲ i t͡s a
okrucieństwo 
	ɔ k r u t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ɔ k r u t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
okrucieństwo 
	ɔ k r u t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ɔ k r u t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
okrucieństwo 
	ɔ k r u t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ɔ k r u t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
okrzemka 
	ɔ k ʂ ɛ m k a 
	ɔ k ʐ ɛ m k a
okrzyn 
	ɔ k ʂ ɨ n 
	ɔ k ʐ ɨ n
okrzyn 
	ɔ k ʂ ɨ n 
	ɔ k ʐ ɨ n
okupie 
	ɔ k u pʲ ɛ 
	ɔ k u pʲ i ɛ
okupie 
	ɔ k u pʲ ɛ 
	ɔ k u pʲ i ɛ
olchę 
	ɔ l x ɛ 
	ɔ l x ɛ~
olimpiada 
	ɔ lʲ i m pʲ a d a 
	ɔ lʲ i m pʲ i a d a
oliwka 
	ɔ lʲ i f k a 
	ɔ lʲ i v k a
ołówka 
	ɔ w u f k a 
	ɔ w u v k a
ołówki 
	ɔ w u f kʲ i 
	ɔ w u v kʲ i
ołówki 
	ɔ w u f kʲ i 
	ɔ w u v kʲ i
ołówki 
	ɔ w u f kʲ i 
	ɔ w u v kʲ i
ołowiem 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ ɛ m 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ m
ołowiowi 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ i ɔ vʲ i
ołowiu 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ u 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ i u
ołowiu 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ u 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ i u
ołowiu 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ u 
	ɔ w ɔ vʲ i u
ołów 
	ɔ w u f 
	ɔ w u v
ołów 
	ɔ w u f 
	ɔ w u v
olszę 
	ɔ l ʂ ɛ 
	ɔ l ʂ ɛ~
omamie 
	ɔ m a mʲ ɛ 
	ɔ m a mʲ i ɛ
omamie 
	ɔ m a mʲ ɛ 
	ɔ m a mʲ i ɛ
omanie 
	ɔ m a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ m a ɲ i ɛ
omanie 
	ɔ m a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ m a ɲ i ɛ
omów 
	ɔ m u f 
	ɔ m u v
opactwo 
	ɔ p a t͡s t f ɔ 
	ɔ p a t͡s d v ɔ
opactwo 
	ɔ p a t͡s t f ɔ 
	ɔ p a t͡s d v ɔ
opactwo 
	ɔ p a t͡s t f ɔ 
	ɔ p a t͡s d v ɔ
opatentowanie 
	ɔ p a t ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p a t ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
opatentowanie 
	ɔ p a t ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p a t ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
opatentowanie 
	ɔ p a t ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p a t ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
opiekowanie 
	ɔ pʲ ɛ k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ pʲ i ɛ k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
opiekowanie 
	ɔ pʲ ɛ k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ pʲ i ɛ k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
opiekowanie 
	ɔ pʲ ɛ k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ pʲ i ɛ k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
opiekun 
	ɔ pʲ ɛ k u n 
	ɔ pʲ i ɛ k u n
opinia 
	ɔ pʲ i ɲ j a 
	ɔ pʲ i ɲ i a
oponę 
	ɔ p ɔ n ɛ 
	ɔ p ɔ n ɛ~
oponie 
	ɔ p ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p ɔ ɲ i ɛ
oponie 
	ɔ p ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p ɔ ɲ i ɛ
opowiadanie 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
opowiadanie 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
opowiadanie 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
opowieści 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
opowieści 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
opowieści 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
opowieści 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
opowieści 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
opowieści 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
opowieści 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
opowieści 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
opowieść 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
opowieść 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
oprowadzanie 
	ɔ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
oprowadzanie 
	ɔ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
oprowadzanie 
	ɔ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
oranie 
	ɔ r a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ r a ɲ i ɛ
oranie 
	ɔ r a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ r a ɲ i ɛ
oranie 
	ɔ r a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ r a ɲ i ɛ
orędzie 
	ɔ r ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ r ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
orędzie 
	ɔ r ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ r ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
orędzie 
	ɔ r ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ r ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
oregano 
	ɔ r ɛ ɡ a n ɔ 
	ɔ r ɛ g a n ɔ
oregano 
	ɔ r ɛ ɡ a n ɔ 
	ɔ r ɛ g a n ɔ
oregano 
	ɔ r ɛ ɡ a n ɔ 
	ɔ r ɛ g a n ɔ
oręża 
	ɔ r ɛ̃ ʐ a 
	ɔ r ɛ~ʐ a
orężem 
	ɔ r ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ m 
	ɔ r ɛ~ʐ ɛ m
oręż 
	ɔ r ɛ̃ ʂ 
	ɔ r ɛ~ʂ
oręż 
	ɔ r ɛ̃ ʂ 
	ɔ r ɛ~ʂ
orężowi 
	ɔ r ɛ̃ ʐ ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ r ɛ~ʐ ɔ vʲ i
orężu 
	ɔ r ɛ̃ ʐ u 
	ɔ r ɛ~ʐ u
orężu 
	ɔ r ɛ̃ ʐ u 
	ɔ r ɛ~ʐ u
oręży 
	ɔ r ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ 
	ɔ r ɛ~ʐ ɨ
organizacja 
	ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z a t͡s j a 
	ɔ r g a ɲ i z a t͡s j a
organizator 
	ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z a t ɔ r 
	ɔ r g a ɲ i z a t ɔ r
organizm 
	ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z m 
	ɔ r g a ɲ i z m
organizm 
	ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z m 
	ɔ r g a ɲ i z m
organizowanie 
	ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ r g a ɲ i z ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
organizowanie 
	ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ r g a ɲ i z ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
organizowanie 
	ɔ r ɡ a ɲ i z ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ r g a ɲ i z ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
organ 
	ɔ r ɡ a n 
	ɔ r g a n
organ 
	ɔ r ɡ a n 
	ɔ r g a n
organy 
	ɔ r ɡ a n ɨ 
	ɔ r g a n ɨ
organy 
	ɔ r ɡ a n ɨ 
	ɔ r g a n ɨ
organy 
	ɔ r ɡ a n ɨ 
	ɔ r g a n ɨ
organy 
	ɔ r ɡ a n ɨ 
	ɔ r g a n ɨ
organy 
	ɔ r ɡ a n ɨ 
	ɔ r g a n ɨ
organy 
	ɔ r ɡ a n ɨ 
	ɔ r g a n ɨ
orkę 
	ɔ r k ɛ 
	ɔ r k ɛ~
orkiestra 
	ɔ r kʲ ɛ s t r a 
	ɔ r kʲ i ɛ s t r a
ortografia 
	ɔ r t ɔ ɡ r a fʲ a 
	ɔ r t ɔ k r a fʲ i a
orzeczenie 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
orzeczenie 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
orzeczenie 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
orzecznik 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
orzecznik 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	ɔ ʐ ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
orłów 
	ɔ r w u f 
	ɔ r w u v
osądach 
	ɔ s ɔ n d a x 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d a x
osądami 
	ɔ s ɔ n d a mʲ i 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d a mʲ i
osądem 
	ɔ s ɔ n d ɛ m 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d ɛ m
osąd 
	ɔ s ɔ n t 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ t
osąd 
	ɔ s ɔ n t 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ t
osądom 
	ɔ s ɔ n d ɔ m 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d ɔ m
osądowi 
	ɔ s ɔ n d ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d ɔ vʲ i
osądu 
	ɔ s ɔ n d u 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d u
osądy 
	ɔ s ɔ n d ɨ 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d ɨ
osądy 
	ɔ s ɔ n d ɨ 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d ɨ
osądy 
	ɔ s ɔ n d ɨ 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d ɨ
osadzie 
	ɔ s a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ s a d ʑ i ɛ
osądzie 
	ɔ s ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
osadzie 
	ɔ s a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ s a d ʑ i ɛ
osądzie 
	ɔ s ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ s ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
osę 
	ɔ s ɛ 
	ɔ s ɛ~
osie 
	ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɛ
osie 
	ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɛ
oścień 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
oścień 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
ościach 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a x 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a x
ościami 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
ością 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
ości 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ości 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ości 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ości 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ości 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ości 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ości 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ości 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
ościom 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
ość 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ość 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
oście 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
oście 
	ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
ostów 
	ɔ s t u f 
	ɔ s t u v
osiągnięcie 
	ɔ ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɔ̃ g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
osiągnięcie 
	ɔ ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɔ̃ g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
osiągnięcie 
	ɔ ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɔ̃ g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
osiedle 
	ɔ ɕ ɛ d l ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɛ d l ɛ
osiedle 
	ɔ ɕ ɛ d l ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɛ d l ɛ
osiedle 
	ɔ ɕ ɛ d l ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɛ d l ɛ
osikę 
	ɔ ɕ i k ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i k ɛ~
osioł 
	ɔ ɕ ɔ w 
	ɔ ɕ i ɔ w
ośle 
	ɔ ɕ l ɛ 
	ɔ ʑ l ɛ
ośle 
	ɔ ɕ l ɛ 
	ɔ ʑ l ɛ
osłów 
	ɔ s w u f 
	ɔ s w u v
oskarżanie 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
oskarżanie 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
oskarżanie 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
oskarżenie 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
oskarżenie 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
oskarżenie 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s k a r ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
oślę 
	ɔ ɕ l ɛ 
	ɔ ʑ l ɛ~
oślę 
	ɔ ɕ l ɛ 
	ɔ ʑ l ɛ~
oślę 
	ɔ ɕ l ɛ 
	ɔ ʑ l ɛ~
oślica 
	ɔ ɕ lʲ i t͡s a 
	ɔ ʑ lʲ i t͡s a
oślina 
	ɔ ɕ lʲ i n a 
	ɔ ʑ lʲ i n a
ośmiokąt 
	ɔ ɕ mʲ ɔ k ɔ n t 
	ɔ ʑ mʲ i ɔ k ɔ̃ t
ośmiokąt 
	ɔ ɕ mʲ ɔ k ɔ n t 
	ɔ ʑ mʲ i ɔ k ɔ̃ t
ośmiornica 
	ɔ ɕ mʲ ɔ r ɲ i t͡s a 
	ɔ ʑ mʲ i ɔ r ɲ i t͡s a
osm 
	ɔ s m 
	ɔ z m
osm 
	ɔ s m 
	ɔ z m
osnowa 
	ɔ s n ɔ v a 
	ɔ z n ɔ v a
osobę 
	ɔ s ɔ b ɛ 
	ɔ s ɔ b ɛ~
osobie 
	ɔ s ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	ɔ s ɔ bʲ i ɛ
osobie 
	ɔ s ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	ɔ s ɔ bʲ i ɛ
osobowość 
	ɔ s ɔ b ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ s ɔ b ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
osobowość 
	ɔ s ɔ b ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ s ɔ b ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
osiach 
	ɔ ɕ a x 
	ɔ ɕ i a x
osiami 
	ɔ ɕ a mʲ i 
	ɔ ɕ i a mʲ i
osią 
	ɔ ɕ ɔ̃ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɔ̃
osie 
	ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɛ
osie 
	ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɛ
osie 
	ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ɕ i ɛ
osiom 
	ɔ ɕ ɔ m 
	ɔ ɕ i ɔ m
ospę 
	ɔ s p ɛ 
	ɔ s p ɛ~
ospie 
	ɔ s pʲ ɛ 
	ɔ s pʲ i ɛ
ospie 
	ɔ s pʲ ɛ 
	ɔ s pʲ i ɛ
ostoję 
	ɔ s t ɔ j ɛ 
	ɔ s t ɔ j ɛ~
ostrodze 
	ɔ s t r ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	ɔ s t r ɔ d z ɛ
ostrodze 
	ɔ s t r ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	ɔ s t r ɔ d z ɛ
ostrogach 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡ a x 
	ɔ s t r ɔ g a x
ostrogami 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡ a mʲ i 
	ɔ s t r ɔ g a mʲ i
ostrogą 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡ ɔ̃ 
	ɔ s t r ɔ g ɔ̃
ostroga 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡ a 
	ɔ s t r ɔ g a
ostrogę 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡ ɛ 
	ɔ s t r ɔ g ɛ~
ostrogi 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ s t r ɔ gʲ i
ostrogi 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ s t r ɔ gʲ i
ostrogi 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ s t r ɔ gʲ i
ostrogi 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	ɔ s t r ɔ gʲ i
ostrogom 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	ɔ s t r ɔ g ɔ m
ostrogo 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɡ ɔ 
	ɔ s t r ɔ g ɔ
ostrość 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ostrość 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɔ s t r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ostrów 
	ɔ s t r u f 
	ɔ s t r u v
ostrów 
	ɔ s t r u f 
	ɔ s t r u v
ostryga 
	ɔ s t r ɨ ɡ a 
	ɔ s t r ɨ g a
ostrzałka 
	ɔ s t ʂ a w k a 
	ɔ s t ʐ a w k a
ostrzach 
	ɔ s t ʂ a x 
	ɔ s t ʐ a x
ostrzami 
	ɔ s t ʂ a mʲ i 
	ɔ s t ʐ a mʲ i
ostrza 
	ɔ s t ʂ a 
	ɔ s t ʐ a
ostrza 
	ɔ s t ʂ a 
	ɔ s t ʐ a
ostrza 
	ɔ s t ʂ a 
	ɔ s t ʐ a
ostrza 
	ɔ s t ʂ a 
	ɔ s t ʐ a
ostrzem 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɛ m 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɛ m
ostrze 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɛ 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɛ
ostrze 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɛ 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɛ
ostrze 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɛ 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɛ
ostrzom 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɔ m 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɔ m
ostrzu 
	ɔ s t ʂ u 
	ɔ s t ʐ u
ostrzu 
	ɔ s t ʂ u 
	ɔ s t ʐ u
ostrzy 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɨ 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɨ
ostrzeżenie 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ostrzeżenie 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ostrzeżenie 
	ɔ s t ʂ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ s t ʐ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
oświata 
	ɔ ɕ fʲ a t a 
	ɔ ʑ vʲ i a t a
oszczerstwo 
	ɔ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	ɔ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r s d v ɔ
oszczerstwo 
	ɔ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	ɔ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r s d v ɔ
oszczerstwo 
	ɔ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	ɔ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r s d v ɔ
oszuście 
	ɔ ʂ u ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ʂ u ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
oszuście 
	ɔ ʂ u ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ ʂ u ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
oszuści 
	ɔ ʂ u ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ʂ u ɕ t͡sʲ i
oszuści 
	ɔ ʂ u ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ɔ ʂ u ɕ t͡sʲ i
oszustów 
	ɔ ʂ u s t u f 
	ɔ ʂ u s t u v
oszustów 
	ɔ ʂ u s t u f 
	ɔ ʂ u s t u v
oszustwo 
	ɔ ʂ u s t f ɔ 
	ɔ ʂ u s d v ɔ
oszustwo 
	ɔ ʂ u s t f ɔ 
	ɔ ʂ u s d v ɔ
oszustwo 
	ɔ ʂ u s t f ɔ 
	ɔ ʂ u s d v ɔ
otchłań 
	ɔ t x w a ɲ 
	ɔ d x w a ɲ
otchłań 
	ɔ t x w a ɲ 
	ɔ d x w a ɲ
otrzymanie 
	ɔ t ʂ ɨ m a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t ʐ ɨ m a ɲ i ɛ
otrzymanie 
	ɔ t ʂ ɨ m a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t ʐ ɨ m a ɲ i ɛ
otrzymanie 
	ɔ t ʂ ɨ m a ɲ ɛ 
	ɔ t ʐ ɨ m a ɲ i ɛ
otwór 
	ɔ t f u r 
	ɔ d v u r
otwór 
	ɔ t f u r 
	ɔ d v u r
owadzie 
	ɔ v a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ v a d ʑ i ɛ
owadzie 
	ɔ v a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ɔ v a d ʑ i ɛ
owcach 
	ɔ f t͡s a x 
	ɔ v t͡s a x
owcami 
	ɔ f t͡s a mʲ i 
	ɔ v t͡s a mʲ i
owcą 
	ɔ f t͡s ɔ̃ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɔ̃
owca 
	ɔ f t͡s a 
	ɔ v t͡s a
owce 
	ɔ f t͡s ɛ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɛ
owcę 
	ɔ f t͡s ɛ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɛ~
owce 
	ɔ f t͡s ɛ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɛ
owce 
	ɔ f t͡s ɛ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɛ
owcom 
	ɔ f t͡s ɔ m 
	ɔ v t͡s ɔ m
owco 
	ɔ f t͡s ɔ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɔ
owcy 
	ɔ f t͡s ɨ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɨ
owcy 
	ɔ f t͡s ɨ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɨ
owcy 
	ɔ f t͡s ɨ 
	ɔ v t͡s ɨ
owiec 
	ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
owieczka 
	ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ k a
owies 
	ɔ vʲ ɛ s 
	ɔ vʲ i ɛ s
owies 
	ɔ vʲ ɛ s 
	ɔ vʲ i ɛ s
owsach 
	ɔ f s a x 
	ɔ v s a x
owsami 
	ɔ f s a mʲ i 
	ɔ v s a mʲ i
owsa 
	ɔ f s a 
	ɔ v s a
owsem 
	ɔ f s ɛ m 
	ɔ v s ɛ m
owsie 
	ɔ f ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ v ɕ i ɛ
owsie 
	ɔ f ɕ ɛ 
	ɔ v ɕ i ɛ
owsom 
	ɔ f s ɔ m 
	ɔ v s ɔ m
owsowi 
	ɔ f s ɔ vʲ i 
	ɔ v s ɔ vʲ i
owsów 
	ɔ f s u f 
	ɔ v s u v
owsy 
	ɔ f s ɨ 
	ɔ v s ɨ
owsy 
	ɔ f s ɨ 
	ɔ v s ɨ
owsy 
	ɔ f s ɨ 
	ɔ v s ɨ
owoców 
	ɔ v ɔ t͡s u f 
	ɔ v ɔ t͡s u v
ozdobie 
	ɔ z d ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	ɔ z d ɔ bʲ i ɛ
ozdobie 
	ɔ z d ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	ɔ z d ɔ bʲ i ɛ
pacanie 
	p a t͡s a ɲ ɛ 
	p a t͡s a ɲ i ɛ
pacanie 
	p a t͡s a ɲ ɛ 
	p a t͡s a ɲ i ɛ
pachę 
	p a x ɛ 
	p a x ɛ~
pacjentów 
	p a t͡s j ɛ n t u f 
	p a t͡s j ɛ n t u v
pacjentów 
	p a t͡s j ɛ n t u f 
	p a t͡s j ɛ n t u v
pącią 
	p ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	p ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
pąci 
	p ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i
pąci 
	p ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i
pąci 
	p ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i
pąci 
	p ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i
pąci 
	p ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i
pąć 
	p ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ
pąć 
	p ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ
pączek 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ k
pączkach 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k a x 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a x
pączkami 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k a mʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a mʲ i
pączka 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
pączka 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
pączkiem 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ ɛ m 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i ɛ m
pączki 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
pączki 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
pączki 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
pączkom 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k ɔ m 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k ɔ m
pączkowi 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k ɔ vʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k ɔ vʲ i
pączków 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k u f 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k u v
pączku 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k u 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k u
pączku 
	p ɔ n t͡ʂ k u 
	p ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k u
paczkę 
	p a t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	p a t͡ʂ k ɛ~
pajączek 
	p a j ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	p a j ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ k
pająkach 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k a x 
	p a j ɔ̃ k a x
pająkami 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	p a j ɔ̃ k a mʲ i
pająka 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k a 
	p a j ɔ̃ k a
pająka 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k a 
	p a j ɔ̃ k a
pająkiem 
	p a j ɔ ŋ kʲ ɛ m 
	p a j ɔ̃ kʲ i ɛ m
pająki 
	p a j ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	p a j ɔ̃ kʲ i
pająki 
	p a j ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	p a j ɔ̃ kʲ i
pająki 
	p a j ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	p a j ɔ̃ kʲ i
pająk 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k 
	p a j ɔ̃ k
pająkom 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k ɔ m 
	p a j ɔ̃ k ɔ m
pająkowi 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k ɔ vʲ i 
	p a j ɔ̃ k ɔ vʲ i
pająków 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k u f 
	p a j ɔ̃ k u v
pająku 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k u 
	p a j ɔ̃ k u
pająku 
	p a j ɔ ŋ k u 
	p a j ɔ̃ k u
pajęczak 
	p a j ɛ n t͡ʂ a k 
	p a j ɛ~t͡ʂ a k
pajęczyna 
	p a j ɛ n t͡ʂ ɨ n a 
	p a j ɛ~t͡ʂ ɨ n a
pąkach 
	p ɔ ŋ k a x 
	p ɔ̃ k a x
pąkami 
	p ɔ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ k a mʲ i
pąka 
	p ɔ ŋ k a 
	p ɔ̃ k a
pąkiem 
	p ɔ ŋ kʲ ɛ m 
	p ɔ̃ kʲ i ɛ m
pąki 
	p ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ kʲ i
pąki 
	p ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ kʲ i
pąki 
	p ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ kʲ i
pąk 
	p ɔ ŋ k 
	p ɔ̃ k
pąk 
	p ɔ ŋ k 
	p ɔ̃ k
pąkom 
	p ɔ ŋ k ɔ m 
	p ɔ̃ k ɔ m
pąkowi 
	p ɔ ŋ k ɔ vʲ i 
	p ɔ̃ k ɔ vʲ i
pąków 
	p ɔ ŋ k u f 
	p ɔ̃ k u v
pąku 
	p ɔ ŋ k u 
	p ɔ̃ k u
pąku 
	p ɔ ŋ k u 
	p ɔ̃ k u
palaczkę 
	p a l a t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	p a l a t͡ʂ k ɛ~
pałę 
	p a w ɛ 
	p a w ɛ~
palarnia 
	p a l a r ɲ a 
	p a l a r ɲ i a
palców 
	p a l t͡s u f 
	p a l t͡s u v
palindrom 
	p a lʲ i n d r ɔ m 
	p a lʲ i n t r ɔ m
palindrom 
	p a lʲ i n d r ɔ m 
	p a lʲ i n t r ɔ m
pałkę 
	p a w k ɛ 
	p a w k ɛ~
pamiątka 
	p a mʲ ɔ n t k a 
	p a mʲ i ɔ̃ t k a
pamięci 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i
pamięci 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i
pamięci 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i
pamięci 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i
pamięci 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i
pamięci 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i
pamięci 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i
pamięci 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i
pamięć 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡ʂ
pamięć 
	p a mʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~t͡ʂ
pamiętnik 
	p a mʲ ɛ n t ɲ i k 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~d ɲ i k
pamiętnik 
	p a mʲ ɛ n t ɲ i k 
	p a mʲ i ɛ~d ɲ i k
pandemia 
	p a n d ɛ mʲ a 
	p a n d ɛ mʲ i a
paniach 
	p a ɲ a x 
	p a ɲ i a x
paniami 
	p a ɲ a mʲ i 
	p a ɲ i a mʲ i
panią 
	p a ɲ ɔ̃ 
	p a ɲ i ɔ̃
panią 
	p a ɲ ɔ̃ 
	p a ɲ i ɔ̃
panie 
	p a ɲ ɛ 
	p a ɲ i ɛ
panie 
	p a ɲ ɛ 
	p a ɲ i ɛ
panie 
	p a ɲ ɛ 
	p a ɲ i ɛ
paniom 
	p a ɲ ɔ m 
	p a ɲ i ɔ m
panien 
	p a ɲ ɛ n 
	p a ɲ i ɛ n
pannę 
	p a n n ɛ 
	p a n n ɛ~
pannie 
	p a n ɲ ɛ 
	p a n ɲ i ɛ
pannie 
	p a n ɲ ɛ 
	p a n ɲ i ɛ
panie 
	p a ɲ ɛ 
	p a ɲ i ɛ
panowie 
	p a n ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ
panowie 
	p a n ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ
panów 
	p a n u f 
	p a n u v
panów 
	p a n u f 
	p a n u v
panpsychizm 
	p a m p s ɨ xʲ i z m 
	p a n p s ɨ xʲ i z m
panpsychizm 
	p a m p s ɨ xʲ i z m 
	p a n p s ɨ xʲ i z m
pantograf 
	p a n t ɔ ɡ r a f 
	p a n t ɔ k r a f
pantograf 
	p a n t ɔ ɡ r a f 
	p a n t ɔ k r a f
papierek 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɛ k 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɛ k
papierek 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɛ k 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɛ k
papierośnica 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɕ ɲ i t͡s a 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ ʑ ɲ i t͡s a
papierosach 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s a x 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s a x
papierosami 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s a mʲ i 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s a mʲ i
papierosa 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s a 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s a
papierosa 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s a 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s a
papierosem 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s ɛ m 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s ɛ m
papierosie 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ ɕ i ɛ
papierosie 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ ɕ i ɛ
papieros 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s
papierosom 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s ɔ m 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s ɔ m
papierosowi 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s ɔ vʲ i 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s ɔ vʲ i
papierosów 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s u f 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s u v
papierosy 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s ɨ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s ɨ
papierosy 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s ɨ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s ɨ
papierosy 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɔ s ɨ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɔ s ɨ
papier 
	p a pʲ ɛ r 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r
papier 
	p a pʲ ɛ r 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r
papiery 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɨ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɨ
papiery 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɨ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɨ
papiery 
	p a pʲ ɛ r ɨ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ r ɨ
papież 
	p a pʲ ɛ ʂ 
	p a pʲ i ɛ ʂ
paproć 
	p a p r ɔ t͡ɕ 
	p a p r ɔ t͡ʂ
paproć 
	p a p r ɔ t͡ɕ 
	p a p r ɔ t͡ʂ
papuga 
	p a p u ɡ a 
	p a p u g a
paradygmat 
	p a r a d ɨ ɡ m a t 
	p a r a d ɨ g m a t
paradygmat 
	p a r a d ɨ ɡ m a t 
	p a r a d ɨ g m a t
parafianin 
	p a r a fʲ a ɲ i n 
	p a r a fʲ i a ɲ i n
parafia 
	p a r a fʲ a 
	p a r a fʲ i a
paragon 
	p a r a ɡ ɔ n 
	p a r a g ɔ n
paragon 
	p a r a ɡ ɔ n 
	p a r a g ɔ n
paragraf 
	p a r a ɡ r a f 
	p a r a k r a f
paragraf 
	p a r a ɡ r a f 
	p a r a k r a f
parapetówka 
	p a r a p ɛ t u f k a 
	p a r a p ɛ t u v k a
parias 
	p a rʲ j a s 
	p a rʲ i a s
parkingu 
	p a r kʲ i n ɡ u 
	p a r kʲ i n g u
parkingu 
	p a r kʲ i n ɡ u 
	p a r kʲ i n g u
parkingu 
	p a r kʲ i n ɡ u 
	p a r kʲ i n g u
parkowanie 
	p a r k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p a r k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
parkowanie 
	p a r k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p a r k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
parkowanie 
	p a r k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p a r k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
parowiec 
	p a r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p a r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
parowiec 
	p a r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p a r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
parówka 
	p a r u f k a 
	p a r u v k a
parowozownia 
	p a r ɔ v ɔ z ɔ v ɲ a 
	p a r ɔ v ɔ z ɔ v ɲ i a
parów 
	p a r u f 
	p a r u v
parów 
	p a r u f 
	p a r u v
partia 
	p a r t j a 
	p a r tʲ i a
partnerka 
	p a r t n ɛ r k a 
	p a r d n ɛ r k a
partnera 
	p a r t n ɛ r a 
	p a r d n ɛ r a
partnera 
	p a r t n ɛ r a 
	p a r d n ɛ r a
partner 
	p a r t n ɛ r 
	p a r d n ɛ r
parweniusz 
	p a r v ɛ ɲ u ʂ 
	p a r v ɛ ɲ i u ʂ
parzydełkowiec 
	p a ʐ ɨ d ɛ w k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p a ʐ ɨ d ɛ w k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
paserstwo 
	p a s ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	p a s ɛ r s d v ɔ
paserstwo 
	p a s ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	p a s ɛ r s d v ɔ
paserstwo 
	p a s ɛ r s t f ɔ 
	p a s ɛ r s d v ɔ
pasieka 
	p a ɕ ɛ k a 
	p a ɕ i ɛ k a
pasierbica 
	p a ɕ ɛ r bʲ i t͡s a 
	p a ɕ i ɛ r bʲ i t͡s a
pasierb 
	p a ɕ ɛ r p 
	p a ɕ i ɛ r p
pasjans 
	p a s j a n s 
	p a z j a n s
pasjans 
	p a s j a n s 
	p a z j a n s
pasmach 
	p a s m a x 
	p a z m a x
pasmami 
	p a s m a mʲ i 
	p a z m a mʲ i
pasma 
	p a s m a 
	p a z m a
pasma 
	p a s m a 
	p a z m a
pasma 
	p a s m a 
	p a z m a
pasma 
	p a s m a 
	p a z m a
pasmie 
	p a s mʲ ɛ 
	p a z mʲ i ɛ
pasm 
	p a s m 
	p a z m
pasmom 
	p a s m ɔ m 
	p a z m ɔ m
pasmo 
	p a s m ɔ 
	p a z m ɔ
pasmo 
	p a s m ɔ 
	p a z m ɔ
pasmo 
	p a s m ɔ 
	p a z m ɔ
pasmu 
	p a s m u 
	p a z m u
paśnik 
	p a ɕ ɲ i k 
	p a ʑ ɲ i k
paśnik 
	p a ɕ ɲ i k 
	p a ʑ ɲ i k
pastwisko 
	p a s t fʲ i s k ɔ 
	p a s d vʲ i s k ɔ
pastwisko 
	p a s t fʲ i s k ɔ 
	p a s d vʲ i s k ɔ
pastwisko 
	p a s t fʲ i s k ɔ 
	p a s d vʲ i s k ɔ
paszę 
	p a ʂ ɛ 
	p a ʂ ɛ~
patelnia 
	p a t ɛ l ɲ a 
	p a t ɛ l ɲ i a
pątnik 
	p ɔ n t ɲ i k 
	p ɔ̃ d ɲ i k
patologia 
	p a t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	p a t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
patriarchat 
	p a t rʲ j a r x a t 
	p a t rʲ i a r x a t
patriarchat 
	p a t rʲ j a r x a t 
	p a t rʲ i a r x a t
patriotka 
	p a t rʲ j ɔ t k a 
	p a t rʲ i ɔ t k a
pawian 
	p a vʲ a n 
	p a vʲ i a n
pawia 
	p a vʲ a 
	p a vʲ i a
pawia 
	p a vʲ a 
	p a vʲ i a
pawie 
	p a vʲ ɛ 
	p a vʲ i ɛ
pawie 
	p a vʲ ɛ 
	p a vʲ i ɛ
pawie 
	p a vʲ ɛ 
	p a vʲ i ɛ
pawie 
	p a vʲ ɛ 
	p a vʲ i ɛ
pawie 
	p a vʲ ɛ 
	p a vʲ i ɛ
paw 
	p a f 
	p a v
październikach 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k a x 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k a x
październikami 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k a mʲ i 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k a mʲ i
października 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k a 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k a
październikiem 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i kʲ ɛ m 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i kʲ i ɛ m
październiki 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i kʲ i 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i kʲ i
październiki 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i kʲ i 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i kʲ i
październiki 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i kʲ i 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i kʲ i
październik 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k
październik 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k
październikom 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k ɔ m 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k ɔ m
październikowi 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k ɔ vʲ i 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k ɔ vʲ i
październików 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k u f 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k u v
październiku 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k u 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k u
październiku 
	p a ʑ d͡ʑ ɛ r ɲ i k u 
	p a ʑ d ʑ i ɛ r ɲ i k u
paznokieć 
	p a z n ɔ kʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	p a z n ɔ kʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
paznokieć 
	p a z n ɔ kʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	p a z n ɔ kʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
pcheł 
	p x ɛ w 
	b x ɛ w
pchłach 
	p x w a x 
	b x w a x
pchłami 
	p x w a mʲ i 
	b x w a mʲ i
pchłą 
	p x w ɔ̃ 
	b x w ɔ̃
pchła 
	p x w a 
	b x w a
pchłę 
	p x w ɛ 
	b x w ɛ~
pchle 
	p x l ɛ 
	b x l ɛ
pchle 
	p x l ɛ 
	b x l ɛ
pchłom 
	p x w ɔ m 
	b x w ɔ m
pchło 
	p x w ɔ 
	b x w ɔ
pchły 
	p x w ɨ 
	b x w ɨ
pchły 
	p x w ɨ 
	b x w ɨ
pchły 
	p x w ɨ 
	b x w ɨ
pchły 
	p x w ɨ 
	b x w ɨ
pechowiec 
	p ɛ x ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p ɛ x ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
pedagog 
	p ɛ d a ɡ ɔ k 
	p ɛ d a g ɔ k
pediatra 
	p ɛ d j a t r a 
	p ɛ dʲ i a t r a
pędach 
	p ɛ n d a x 
	p ɛ~d a x
pędami 
	p ɛ n d a mʲ i 
	p ɛ~d a mʲ i
pędem 
	p ɛ n d ɛ m 
	p ɛ~d ɛ m
pęd 
	p ɛ n t 
	p ɛ~t
pęd 
	p ɛ n t 
	p ɛ~t
pędom 
	p ɛ n d ɔ m 
	p ɛ~d ɔ m
pędowi 
	p ɛ n d ɔ vʲ i 
	p ɛ~d ɔ vʲ i
pędów 
	p ɛ n d u f 
	p ɛ~d u v
pędu 
	p ɛ n d u 
	p ɛ~d u
pędy 
	p ɛ n d ɨ 
	p ɛ~d ɨ
pędy 
	p ɛ n d ɨ 
	p ɛ~d ɨ
pędy 
	p ɛ n d ɨ 
	p ɛ~d ɨ
pędzie 
	p ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
pędzie 
	p ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p ɛ~d ʑ i ɛ
pękanie 
	p ɛ ŋ k a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɛ~k a ɲ i ɛ
pękanie 
	p ɛ ŋ k a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɛ~k a ɲ i ɛ
pękanie 
	p ɛ ŋ k a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɛ~k a ɲ i ɛ
pęknięcie 
	p ɛ ŋ k ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɛ~g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pęknięcie 
	p ɛ ŋ k ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɛ~g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pęknięcie 
	p ɛ ŋ k ɲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɛ~g ɲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pełnią 
	p ɛ w ɲ ɔ̃ 
	p ɛ w ɲ i ɔ̃
pełnia 
	p ɛ w ɲ a 
	p ɛ w ɲ i a
pełnię 
	p ɛ w ɲ ɛ 
	p ɛ w ɲ i ɛ~
pełnio 
	p ɛ w ɲ ɔ 
	p ɛ w ɲ i ɔ
pełnoletniość 
	p ɛ w n ɔ l ɛ t ɲ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɛ w n ɔ l ɛ d ɲ i ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
pełnoletniość 
	p ɛ w n ɔ l ɛ t ɲ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɛ w n ɔ l ɛ d ɲ i ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
penis 
	p ɛ ɲ i s̪ 
	p ɛ ɲ i s
penis 
	p ɛ ɲ i s̪ 
	p ɛ ɲ i s
pensja 
	p ɛ̃ s j a 
	p ɛ n z j a
peonia 
	p ɛ ɔ ɲ j a 
	p ɛ ɔ ɲ i a
pępek 
	p ɛ m p ɛ k 
	p ɛ~p ɛ k
pępek 
	p ɛ m p ɛ k 
	p ɛ~p ɛ k
pępowina 
	p ɛ m p ɔ vʲ i n a 
	p ɛ~p ɔ vʲ i n a
perfumeria 
	p ɛ r f u m ɛ rʲ j a 
	p ɛ r f u m ɛ rʲ i a
pergamin 
	p ɛ r ɡ a mʲ i n 
	p ɛ r g a mʲ i n
pergamin 
	p ɛ r ɡ a mʲ i n 
	p ɛ r g a mʲ i n
periodyk 
	p ɛ rʲ j ɔ d ɨ k 
	p ɛ rʲ i ɔ d ɨ k
periodyk 
	p ɛ rʲ j ɔ d ɨ k 
	p ɛ rʲ i ɔ d ɨ k
perłę 
	p ɛ r w ɛ 
	p ɛ r w ɛ~
peryhelium 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ u m 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ i u m
peryhelium 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ u m 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ i u m
peryhelium 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ u m 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ i u m
peryhelium 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ u m 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ i u m
peryhelium 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ u m 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ i u m
peryhelium 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ u m 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ i u m
peryhelium 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ u m 
	p ɛ r ɨ x ɛ lʲ i u m
pestkowiec 
	p ɛ s t k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p ɛ s t k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
pestkowiec 
	p ɛ s t k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p ɛ s t k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
pętla 
	p ɛ n t l a 
	p ɛ~d l a
pęcie 
	p ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pętach 
	p ɛ n t a x 
	p ɛ~t a x
pętami 
	p ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	p ɛ~t a mʲ i
pęta 
	p ɛ n t a 
	p ɛ~t a
pęta 
	p ɛ n t a 
	p ɛ~t a
pęta 
	p ɛ n t a 
	p ɛ~t a
pęta 
	p ɛ n t a 
	p ɛ~t a
pętem 
	p ɛ n t ɛ m 
	p ɛ~t ɛ m
pęt 
	p ɛ n t 
	p ɛ~t
pętom 
	p ɛ n t ɔ m 
	p ɛ~t ɔ m
pęto 
	p ɛ n t ɔ 
	p ɛ~t ɔ
pęto 
	p ɛ n t ɔ 
	p ɛ~t ɔ
pęto 
	p ɛ n t ɔ 
	p ɛ~t ɔ
pętu 
	p ɛ n t u 
	p ɛ~t u
pecie 
	p ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
pecie 
	p ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
petów 
	p ɛ t u f 
	p ɛ t u v
pewnikiem 
	p ɛ v ɲ i kʲ ɛ m 
	p ɛ v ɲ i kʲ i ɛ m
piącha 
	pʲ ɔ̃ x a 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ x a
piąchopiryna 
	pʲ ɔ̃ x ɔ pʲ i r ɨ n a 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ x ɔ pʲ i r ɨ n a
pianach 
	pʲ a n a x 
	pʲ i a n a x
pianami 
	pʲ a n a mʲ i 
	pʲ i a n a mʲ i
pianą 
	pʲ a n ɔ̃ 
	pʲ i a n ɔ̃
piana 
	pʲ a n a 
	pʲ i a n a
pianę 
	pʲ a n ɛ 
	pʲ i a n ɛ~
pianie 
	pʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	pʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
pianie 
	pʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	pʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
pian 
	pʲ a n 
	pʲ i a n
pianom 
	pʲ a n ɔ m 
	pʲ i a n ɔ m
piano 
	pʲ a n ɔ 
	pʲ i a n ɔ
piany 
	pʲ a n ɨ 
	pʲ i a n ɨ
piany 
	pʲ a n ɨ 
	pʲ i a n ɨ
piany 
	pʲ a n ɨ 
	pʲ i a n ɨ
piany 
	pʲ a n ɨ 
	pʲ i a n ɨ
pianino 
	pʲ a ɲ i n ɔ 
	pʲ i a ɲ i n ɔ
pianino 
	pʲ a ɲ i n ɔ 
	pʲ i a ɲ i n ɔ
pianino 
	pʲ a ɲ i n ɔ 
	pʲ i a ɲ i n ɔ
pianista 
	pʲ a ɲ i s t a 
	pʲ i a ɲ i s t a
pianistka 
	pʲ a ɲ i s t k a 
	pʲ i a ɲ i s t k a
piaskownica 
	pʲ a s k ɔ v ɲ i t͡s a 
	pʲ i a s k ɔ v ɲ i t͡s a
piaście 
	pʲ a ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	pʲ i a ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
piaście 
	pʲ a ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	pʲ i a ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
piastach 
	pʲ a s t a x 
	pʲ i a s t a x
piastami 
	pʲ a s t a mʲ i 
	pʲ i a s t a mʲ i
piastą 
	pʲ a s t ɔ̃ 
	pʲ i a s t ɔ̃
piasta 
	pʲ a s t a 
	pʲ i a s t a
piastę 
	pʲ a s t ɛ 
	pʲ i a s t ɛ~
piast 
	pʲ a s t 
	pʲ i a s t
piastom 
	pʲ a s t ɔ m 
	pʲ i a s t ɔ m
piasto 
	pʲ a s t ɔ 
	pʲ i a s t ɔ
piasty 
	pʲ a s t ɨ 
	pʲ i a s t ɨ
piasty 
	pʲ a s t ɨ 
	pʲ i a s t ɨ
piasty 
	pʲ a s t ɨ 
	pʲ i a s t ɨ
piasty 
	pʲ a s t ɨ 
	pʲ i a s t ɨ
piąteczce 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ
piąteczce 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ
piąteczek 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ k
piąteczkach 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ k a x 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ k a x
piąteczkami 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ k a mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ k a mʲ i
piąteczką 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ̃ 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ̃
piąteczka 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ k a
piąteczkę 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ~
piąteczki 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i
piąteczki 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i
piąteczki 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i
piąteczki 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i
piąteczkom 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ m 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ m
piąteczko 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ
piątek 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ k
piątek 
	pʲ ɔ n t ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t ɛ k
piątkach 
	pʲ ɔ n t k a x 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t k a x
piątkami 
	pʲ ɔ n t k a mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t k a mʲ i
piątkiem 
	pʲ ɔ n t kʲ ɛ m 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t kʲ i ɛ m
piątki 
	pʲ ɔ n t kʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t kʲ i
piątki 
	pʲ ɔ n t kʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t kʲ i
piątki 
	pʲ ɔ n t kʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t kʲ i
piątkom 
	pʲ ɔ n t k ɔ m 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t k ɔ m
piątkowi 
	pʲ ɔ n t k ɔ vʲ i 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t k ɔ vʲ i
piątków 
	pʲ ɔ n t k u f 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t k u v
piątku 
	pʲ ɔ n t k u 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t k u
piątku 
	pʲ ɔ n t k u 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t k u
piątku 
	pʲ ɔ n t k u 
	pʲ i ɔ̃ t k u
pidżama 
	pʲ i d͡ʐ a m a 
	pʲ i d ʐ a m a
pięciobój 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ b u j 
	pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ b u j
pięciobój 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ b u j 
	pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ b u j
pięciobój 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ b u j 
	pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ b u j
pięciokąt 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ k ɔ n t 
	pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ k ɔ̃ t
pięciokąt 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ k ɔ n t 
	pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ k ɔ̃ t
pięciolinia 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ lʲ i ɲ a 
	pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ lʲ i ɲ i a
pieczara 
	pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ a r a 
	pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ a r a
pieczarka 
	pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ a r k a 
	pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ a r k a
pieczęć 
	pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ~t͡ʂ
pieczęć 
	pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ~t͡ʂ
piędź 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɕ
piędź 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɕ
piegach 
	pʲ ɛ ɡ a x 
	pʲ i ɛ g a x
piegami 
	pʲ ɛ ɡ a mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ g a mʲ i
piega 
	pʲ ɛ ɡ a 
	pʲ i ɛ g a
piegiem 
	pʲ ɛ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	pʲ i ɛ gʲ i ɛ m
piegi 
	pʲ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ gʲ i
piegi 
	pʲ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ gʲ i
piegi 
	pʲ ɛ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ gʲ i
pieg 
	pʲ ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ k
pieg 
	pʲ ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ k
piegom 
	pʲ ɛ ɡ ɔ m 
	pʲ i ɛ g ɔ m
piegowi 
	pʲ ɛ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ g ɔ vʲ i
piegów 
	pʲ ɛ ɡ u f 
	pʲ i ɛ g u v
piegu 
	pʲ ɛ ɡ u 
	pʲ i ɛ g u
piegu 
	pʲ ɛ ɡ u 
	pʲ i ɛ g u
piekarka 
	pʲ ɛ k a r k a 
	pʲ i ɛ k a r k a
piekarnia 
	pʲ ɛ k a r ɲ a 
	pʲ i ɛ k a r ɲ i a
piekarz 
	pʲ ɛ k a ʂ 
	pʲ i ɛ k a ʂ
piekielnik 
	pʲ ɛ kʲ ɛ l ɲ i k 
	pʲ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ l ɲ i k
piekła 
	pʲ ɛ k w a 
	pʲ i ɛ k w a
piekła 
	pʲ ɛ k w a 
	pʲ i ɛ k w a
piekła 
	pʲ ɛ k w a 
	pʲ i ɛ k w a
piekła 
	pʲ ɛ k w a 
	pʲ i ɛ k w a
piekle 
	pʲ ɛ k l ɛ 
	pʲ i ɛ g l ɛ
piekło 
	pʲ ɛ k w ɔ 
	pʲ i ɛ k w ɔ
piekło 
	pʲ ɛ k w ɔ 
	pʲ i ɛ k w ɔ
piekło 
	pʲ ɛ k w ɔ 
	pʲ i ɛ k w ɔ
piękność 
	pʲ ɛ ŋ k n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ~g n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
piękność 
	pʲ ɛ ŋ k n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ~g n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
pielęgniarka 
	pʲ ɛ l ɛ ŋ ɡ ɲ a r k a 
	pʲ i ɛ l ɛ~g ɲ i a r k a
pielęgniarz 
	pʲ ɛ l ɛ ŋ ɡ ɲ a ʂ 
	pʲ i ɛ l ɛ~g ɲ i a ʂ
pielgrzymka 
	pʲ ɛ l ɡ ʐ ɨ m k a 
	pʲ i ɛ l g ʐ ɨ m k a
pielgrzym 
	pʲ ɛ l ɡ ʐ ɨ m 
	pʲ i ɛ l g ʐ ɨ m
pielucha 
	pʲ ɛ l u x a 
	pʲ i ɛ l u x a
pieluszka 
	pʲ ɛ l u ʂ k a 
	pʲ i ɛ l u ʂ k a
pieniądze 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ ɔ n d͡z ɛ 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ̃ d z ɛ
pieniądze 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ ɔ n d͡z ɛ 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ̃ d z ɛ
pieniądze 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ ɔ n d͡z ɛ 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ̃ d z ɛ
pieniądz 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ ɔ n t͡s 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ̃ t s
pieniądz 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ ɔ n t͡s 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɔ̃ t s
pieniędzmi 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ n d͡z mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ~d z mʲ i
pieniędzy 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ n d͡z ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ~d z ɨ
pień 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ
pień 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ 
	pʲ i ɛ ɲ
pniach 
	p ɲ a x 
	b ɲ i a x
pniami 
	p ɲ a mʲ i 
	b ɲ i a mʲ i
pnia 
	p ɲ a 
	b ɲ i a
pniem 
	p ɲ ɛ m 
	b ɲ i ɛ m
pnie 
	p ɲ ɛ 
	b ɲ i ɛ
pnie 
	p ɲ ɛ 
	b ɲ i ɛ
pnie 
	p ɲ ɛ 
	b ɲ i ɛ
pni 
	p ɲ i 
	b ɲ i
pniom 
	p ɲ ɔ m 
	b ɲ i ɔ m
pniowi 
	p ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	b ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
pniu 
	p ɲ u 
	b ɲ i u
pniu 
	p ɲ u 
	b ɲ i u
pierdoła 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɔ w a 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɔ w a
pierdoły 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɔ w ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɔ w ɨ
pierdoły 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɔ w ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɔ w ɨ
pierdoły 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɔ w ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɔ w ɨ
pierdoły 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɔ w ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɔ w ɨ
pierdolec 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɔ l ɛ t͡s 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɔ l ɛ t͡s
pierdółka 
	pʲ ɛ r d u w k a 
	pʲ i ɛ r d u w k a
pierdyliard 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɨ lʲ a r t 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɨ lʲ i a r t
pierdyliard 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɨ lʲ a r t 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɨ lʲ i a r t
pierdylion 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɨ lʲ ɔ n 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɨ lʲ i ɔ n
pierdylion 
	pʲ ɛ r d ɨ lʲ ɔ n 
	pʲ i ɛ r d ɨ lʲ i ɔ n
pierestrojka 
	pʲ ɛ r ɛ s t r ɔ j k a 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɛ s t r ɔ j k a
piernik 
	pʲ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɲ i k
piernik 
	pʲ ɛ r ɲ i k 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɲ i k
pierogach 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ a x 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g a x
pierogami 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ a mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g a mʲ i
pierogi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ gʲ i
pierogi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ gʲ i
pierogi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ gʲ i
pierogom 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g ɔ m
pierogów 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ u f 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g u v
pierogach 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ a x 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g a x
pierogami 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ a mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g a mʲ i
pieroga 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ a 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g a
pierogiem 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ gʲ i ɛ m
pierogi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ gʲ i
pierogi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ gʲ i
pierogi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ gʲ i
pieróg 
	pʲ ɛ r u k 
	pʲ i ɛ r u k
pieróg 
	pʲ ɛ r u k 
	pʲ i ɛ r u k
pierogom 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g ɔ m
pierogowi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g ɔ vʲ i
pierogów 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ u f 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g u v
pierogu 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ u 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g u
pierogu 
	pʲ ɛ r ɔ ɡ u 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɔ g u
pierścienica 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ i t͡s a 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ i t͡s a
pierścień 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
pierścień 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
pierścionek 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ n ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ n ɛ k
pierścionek 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ n ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ n ɛ k
piersiach 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ a x 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i a x
piersiami 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ a mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i a mʲ i
piersią 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ ɔ̃ 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i ɔ̃
piersi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i
piersi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i
piersi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i
piersi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i
piersi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i
piersi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i
piersi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i
piersi 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i
piersiom 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ ɔ m 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ i ɔ m
pierś 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ
pierś 
	pʲ ɛ r ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ r ɕ
pierwiastek 
	pʲ ɛ r vʲ a s t ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ r vʲ i a s t ɛ k
pierwiastek 
	pʲ ɛ r vʲ a s t ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ r vʲ i a s t ɛ k
pierwotniak 
	pʲ ɛ r v ɔ t ɲ a k 
	pʲ i ɛ r v ɔ d ɲ i a k
pierwszak 
	pʲ ɛ r f ʂ a k 
	pʲ i ɛ r v ʂ a k
pierwszyzna 
	pʲ ɛ r f ʂ ɨ z n a 
	pʲ i ɛ r v ʂ ɨ z n a
pięści 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
pięści 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
pięści 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
pięści 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
pięści 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
pięści 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
pięści 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
pięści 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡sʲ i
pięść 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡ʂ
pięść 
	pʲ ɛ̃ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	pʲ i ɛ~ɕ t͡ʂ
pieseczek 
	pʲ ɛ s ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ s ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ k
piesek 
	pʲ ɛ s ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ s ɛ k
pieśń 
	pʲ ɛ ɕ ɲ 
	pʲ i ɛ ʑ ɲ
pieśń 
	pʲ ɛ ɕ ɲ 
	pʲ i ɛ ʑ ɲ
pies 
	pʲ ɛ s 
	pʲ i ɛ s
psie 
	p ɕ ɛ 
	p ɕ i ɛ
psie 
	p ɕ ɛ 
	p ɕ i ɛ
psów 
	p s u f 
	p s u v
pięcie 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pięcie 
	pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
piętach 
	pʲ ɛ n t a x 
	pʲ i ɛ~t a x
piętami 
	pʲ ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~t a mʲ i
piętą 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɔ̃ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɔ̃
pięta 
	pʲ ɛ n t a 
	pʲ i ɛ~t a
piętę 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɛ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɛ~
pięt 
	pʲ ɛ n t 
	pʲ i ɛ~t
piętom 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɔ m 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɔ m
pięto 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɔ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɔ
pięty 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɨ
pięty 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɨ
pięty 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɨ
pięty 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɨ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɨ
piętek 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɛ k 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɛ k
piętka 
	pʲ ɛ n t k a 
	pʲ i ɛ~t k a
pięter 
	pʲ ɛ n t ɛ r 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ɛ r
piętrach 
	pʲ ɛ n t r a x 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r a x
piętrami 
	pʲ ɛ n t r a mʲ i 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r a mʲ i
piętra 
	pʲ ɛ n t r a 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r a
piętra 
	pʲ ɛ n t r a 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r a
piętra 
	pʲ ɛ n t r a 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r a
piętra 
	pʲ ɛ n t r a 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r a
piętrem 
	pʲ ɛ n t r ɛ m 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r ɛ m
piętrom 
	pʲ ɛ n t r ɔ m 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r ɔ m
piętro 
	pʲ ɛ n t r ɔ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r ɔ
piętro 
	pʲ ɛ n t r ɔ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r ɔ
piętro 
	pʲ ɛ n t r ɔ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r ɔ
piętru 
	pʲ ɛ n t r u 
	pʲ i ɛ~t r u
piętrze 
	pʲ ɛ n t ʂ ɛ 
	pʲ i ɛ~t ʐ ɛ
pietruszka 
	pʲ ɛ t r u ʂ k a 
	pʲ i ɛ t r u ʂ k a
pigułce 
	pʲ i ɡ u w t͡s ɛ 
	pʲ i g u w t͡s ɛ
pigułce 
	pʲ i ɡ u w t͡s ɛ 
	pʲ i g u w t͡s ɛ
pigułek 
	pʲ i ɡ u w ɛ k 
	pʲ i g u w ɛ k
pigułką 
	pʲ i ɡ u w k ɔ̃ 
	pʲ i g u w k ɔ̃
pigułka 
	pʲ i ɡ u w k a 
	pʲ i g u w k a
pigułkę 
	pʲ i ɡ u w k ɛ 
	pʲ i g u w k ɛ~
pigułki 
	pʲ i ɡ u w kʲ i 
	pʲ i g u w kʲ i
pigułki 
	pʲ i ɡ u w kʲ i 
	pʲ i g u w kʲ i
pigułki 
	pʲ i ɡ u w kʲ i 
	pʲ i g u w kʲ i
pigułki 
	pʲ i ɡ u w kʲ i 
	pʲ i g u w kʲ i
pigwa 
	pʲ i ɡ v a 
	pʲ i g v a
pijawka 
	pʲ i j a f k a 
	pʲ i j a v k a
pikawka 
	pʲ i k a f k a 
	pʲ i k a v k a
piktogram 
	pʲ i k t ɔ ɡ r a m 
	pʲ i k t ɔ k r a m
piktogram 
	pʲ i k t ɔ ɡ r a m 
	pʲ i k t ɔ k r a m
piłę 
	pʲ i w ɛ 
	pʲ i w ɛ~
piłkę 
	pʲ i w k ɛ 
	pʲ i w k ɛ~
pingwina 
	pʲ i n ɡ vʲ i n a 
	pʲ i n g vʲ i n a
pingwina 
	pʲ i n ɡ vʲ i n a 
	pʲ i n g vʲ i n a
pingwinie 
	pʲ i n ɡ vʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	pʲ i n g vʲ i ɲ i ɛ
pingwinie 
	pʲ i n ɡ vʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	pʲ i n g vʲ i ɲ i ɛ
pingwin 
	pʲ i n ɡ vʲ i n 
	pʲ i n g vʲ i n
pingwiny 
	pʲ i n ɡ vʲ i n ɨ 
	pʲ i n g vʲ i n ɨ
pingwiny 
	pʲ i n ɡ vʲ i n ɨ 
	pʲ i n g vʲ i n ɨ
pingwiny 
	pʲ i n ɡ vʲ i n ɨ 
	pʲ i n g vʲ i n ɨ
piołunówka 
	pʲ ɔ w u n u f k a 
	pʲ i ɔ w u n u v k a
piołun 
	pʲ ɔ w u n 
	pʲ i ɔ w u n
piołun 
	pʲ ɔ w u n 
	pʲ i ɔ w u n
piórnik 
	pʲ u r ɲ i k 
	pʲ i u r ɲ i k
piórnik 
	pʲ u r ɲ i k 
	pʲ i u r ɲ i k
piórach 
	pʲ u r a x 
	pʲ i u r a x
piórami 
	pʲ u r a mʲ i 
	pʲ i u r a mʲ i
pióra 
	pʲ u r a 
	pʲ i u r a
pióra 
	pʲ u r a 
	pʲ i u r a
pióra 
	pʲ u r a 
	pʲ i u r a
pióra 
	pʲ u r a 
	pʲ i u r a
piórem 
	pʲ u r ɛ m 
	pʲ i u r ɛ m
piór 
	pʲ u r 
	pʲ i u r
piórom 
	pʲ u r ɔ m 
	pʲ i u r ɔ m
pióro 
	pʲ u r ɔ 
	pʲ i u r ɔ
pióro 
	pʲ u r ɔ 
	pʲ i u r ɔ
pióro 
	pʲ u r ɔ 
	pʲ i u r ɔ
pióru 
	pʲ u r u 
	pʲ i u r u
piórze 
	pʲ u ʐ ɛ 
	pʲ i u ʐ ɛ
piorun 
	pʲ ɔ r u n 
	pʲ i ɔ r u n
piorun 
	pʲ ɔ r u n 
	pʲ i ɔ r u n
piosenka 
	pʲ ɔ s ɛ n k a 
	pʲ i ɔ s ɛ n k a
piosenkarka 
	pʲ ɔ s ɛ n k a r k a 
	pʲ i ɔ s ɛ n k a r k a
piosenkarz 
	pʲ ɔ s ɛ n k a ʂ 
	pʲ i ɔ s ɛ n k a ʂ
piskląt 
	pʲ i s k l ɔ n t 
	pʲ i s g l ɔ̃ t
pisklęcia 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
pisklęciem 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ m
pisklęciu 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
pisklęciu 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
pisklę 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~
pisklę 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~
pisklę 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~
pisklętach 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ n t a x 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t a x
pisklętami 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t a mʲ i
pisklęta 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ n t a 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t a
pisklęta 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ n t a 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t a
pisklęta 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ n t a 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t a
pisklętom 
	pʲ i s k l ɛ n t ɔ m 
	pʲ i s g l ɛ~t ɔ m
piskiem 
	pʲ i s kʲ ɛ m 
	pʲ i s kʲ i ɛ m
pisków 
	pʲ i s k u f 
	pʲ i s k u v
pismak 
	pʲ i s m a k 
	pʲ i z m a k
pismach 
	pʲ i s m a x 
	pʲ i z m a x
pismami 
	pʲ i s m a mʲ i 
	pʲ i z m a mʲ i
pisma 
	pʲ i s m a 
	pʲ i z m a
pisma 
	pʲ i s m a 
	pʲ i z m a
pisma 
	pʲ i s m a 
	pʲ i z m a
pisma 
	pʲ i s m a 
	pʲ i z m a
pismem 
	pʲ i s m ɛ m 
	pʲ i z m ɛ m
piśmie 
	pʲ i ɕ mʲ ɛ 
	pʲ i ʑ mʲ i ɛ
pism 
	pʲ i s m 
	pʲ i z m
pismom 
	pʲ i s m ɔ m 
	pʲ i z m ɔ m
pismo 
	pʲ i s m ɔ 
	pʲ i z m ɔ
pismo 
	pʲ i s m ɔ 
	pʲ i z m ɔ
pismo 
	pʲ i s m ɔ 
	pʲ i z m ɔ
pismu 
	pʲ i s m u 
	pʲ i z m u
piwie 
	pʲ i vʲ ɛ 
	pʲ i vʲ i ɛ
piw 
	pʲ i f 
	pʲ i v
pizza 
	pʲ i t͡s t͡s a 
	pʲ i z z a
płacę 
	p w a t͡s ɛ 
	p w a t͡s ɛ~
placek 
	p l a t͡s ɛ k 
	b l a t͡s ɛ k
placek 
	p l a t͡s ɛ k 
	b l a t͡s ɛ k
placki 
	p l a t͡s kʲ i 
	b l a t͡s kʲ i
placki 
	p l a t͡s kʲ i 
	b l a t͡s kʲ i
placki 
	p l a t͡s kʲ i 
	b l a t͡s kʲ i
placach 
	p l a t͡s a x 
	b l a t͡s a x
placami 
	p l a t͡s a mʲ i 
	b l a t͡s a mʲ i
placem 
	p l a t͡s ɛ m 
	b l a t͡s ɛ m
place 
	p l a t͡s ɛ 
	b l a t͡s ɛ
place 
	p l a t͡s ɛ 
	b l a t͡s ɛ
place 
	p l a t͡s ɛ 
	b l a t͡s ɛ
plac 
	p l a t͡s 
	b l a t͡s
plac 
	p l a t͡s 
	b l a t͡s
placom 
	p l a t͡s ɔ m 
	b l a t͡s ɔ m
placowi 
	p l a t͡s ɔ vʲ i 
	b l a t͡s ɔ vʲ i
placu 
	p l a t͡s u 
	b l a t͡s u
placu 
	p l a t͡s u 
	b l a t͡s u
placu 
	p l a t͡s u 
	b l a t͡s u
plakat 
	p l a k a t 
	b l a k a t
plakat 
	p l a k a t 
	b l a k a t
planecie 
	p l a n ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b l a n ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
planecie 
	p l a n ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	b l a n ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
planetą 
	p l a n ɛ t ɔ̃ 
	b l a n ɛ t ɔ̃
planeta 
	p l a n ɛ t a 
	b l a n ɛ t a
planetę 
	p l a n ɛ t ɛ 
	b l a n ɛ t ɛ~
planety 
	p l a n ɛ t ɨ 
	b l a n ɛ t ɨ
planety 
	p l a n ɛ t ɨ 
	b l a n ɛ t ɨ
planety 
	p l a n ɛ t ɨ 
	b l a n ɛ t ɨ
planety 
	p l a n ɛ t ɨ 
	b l a n ɛ t ɨ
planetarium 
	p l a n ɛ t a rʲ j u m 
	b l a n ɛ t a rʲ i u m
planetarium 
	p l a n ɛ t a rʲ j u m 
	b l a n ɛ t a rʲ i u m
planetarium 
	p l a n ɛ t a rʲ j u m 
	b l a n ɛ t a rʲ i u m
planetarium 
	p l a n ɛ t a rʲ j u m 
	b l a n ɛ t a rʲ i u m
planetarium 
	p l a n ɛ t a rʲ j u m 
	b l a n ɛ t a rʲ i u m
planetarium 
	p l a n ɛ t a rʲ j u m 
	b l a n ɛ t a rʲ i u m
planetarium 
	p l a n ɛ t a rʲ j u m 
	b l a n ɛ t a rʲ i u m
planimetria 
	p l a ɲ i m ɛ t rʲ j a 
	b l a ɲ i m ɛ t rʲ i a
planowanie 
	p l a n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
planowanie 
	p l a n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
planowanie 
	p l a n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
planem 
	p l a n ɛ m 
	b l a n ɛ m
planie 
	p l a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a ɲ i ɛ
planie 
	p l a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a ɲ i ɛ
plan 
	p l a n 
	b l a n
plan 
	p l a n 
	b l a n
planów 
	p l a n u f 
	b l a n u v
planu 
	p l a n u 
	b l a n u
plany 
	p l a n ɨ 
	b l a n ɨ
plany 
	p l a n ɨ 
	b l a n ɨ
plany 
	p l a n ɨ 
	b l a n ɨ
plansza 
	p l a n ʂ a 
	b l a n ʂ a
planszówka 
	p l a n ʂ u f k a 
	b l a n ʂ u v k a
plantacja 
	p l a n t a t͡s j a 
	b l a n t a t͡s j a
plaster 
	p l a s t ɛ r 
	b l a s t ɛ r
plaster 
	p l a s t ɛ r 
	b l a s t ɛ r
plastyczność 
	p l a s t ɨ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	b l a s t ɨ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
plastyczność 
	p l a s t ɨ t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	b l a s t ɨ d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
plątanina 
	p l ɔ n t a ɲ i n a 
	b l ɔ̃ t a ɲ i n a
platanach 
	p l a t a n a x 
	b l a t a n a x
platanami 
	p l a t a n a mʲ i 
	b l a t a n a mʲ i
platanie 
	p l a t a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a t a ɲ i ɛ
platanie 
	p l a t a ɲ ɛ 
	b l a t a ɲ i ɛ
platan 
	p l a t a n 
	b l a t a n
platan 
	p l a t a n 
	b l a t a n
platanom 
	p l a t a n ɔ m 
	b l a t a n ɔ m
platanowi 
	p l a t a n ɔ vʲ i 
	b l a t a n ɔ vʲ i
platany 
	p l a t a n ɨ 
	b l a t a n ɨ
platany 
	p l a t a n ɨ 
	b l a t a n ɨ
platany 
	p l a t a n ɨ 
	b l a t a n ɨ
płatność 
	p w a t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p w a d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
płatność 
	p w a t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p w a d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
platyna 
	p l a t ɨ n a 
	b l a t ɨ n a
plażach 
	p l a ʐ a x 
	b l a ʐ a x
plażami 
	p l a ʐ a mʲ i 
	b l a ʐ a mʲ i
plażą 
	p l a ʐ ɔ̃ 
	b l a ʐ ɔ̃
plaża 
	p l a ʐ a 
	b l a ʐ a
plaże 
	p l a ʐ ɛ 
	b l a ʐ ɛ
plażę 
	p l a ʐ ɛ 
	b l a ʐ ɛ~
plaże 
	p l a ʐ ɛ 
	b l a ʐ ɛ
plaże 
	p l a ʐ ɛ 
	b l a ʐ ɛ
plaż 
	p l a ʂ 
	b l a ʂ
plażom 
	p l a ʐ ɔ m 
	b l a ʐ ɔ m
plażo 
	p l a ʐ ɔ 
	b l a ʐ ɔ
plaży 
	p l a ʐ ɨ 
	b l a ʐ ɨ
plaży 
	p l a ʐ ɨ 
	b l a ʐ ɨ
plaży 
	p l a ʐ ɨ 
	b l a ʐ ɨ
płaziniec 
	p w a ʑ i ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	p w a ʑ i ɲ i ɛ t͡s
plazma 
	p l a z m a 
	b l a z m a
płazie 
	p w a ʑ ɛ 
	p w a ʑ i ɛ
płazie 
	p w a ʑ ɛ 
	p w a ʑ i ɛ
płazów 
	p w a z u f 
	p w a z u v
plebania 
	p l ɛ b a ɲ a 
	b l ɛ b a ɲ i a
plecak 
	p l ɛ t͡s a k 
	b l ɛ t͡s a k
plecak 
	p l ɛ t͡s a k 
	b l ɛ t͡s a k
płci 
	p w t͡ɕ i 
	p w t͡sʲ i
płci 
	p w t͡ɕ i 
	p w t͡sʲ i
płci 
	p w t͡ɕ i 
	p w t͡sʲ i
płci 
	p w t͡ɕ i 
	p w t͡sʲ i
płci 
	p w t͡ɕ i 
	p w t͡sʲ i
płeć 
	p w ɛ t͡ɕ 
	p w ɛ t͡ʂ
płeć 
	p w ɛ t͡ɕ 
	p w ɛ t͡ʂ
plemię 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
plemienia 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ a 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a
plemieniem 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
plemieniu 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ u 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
plemieniu 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ u 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
plemię 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
plemię 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
plemionach 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɔ n a x 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɔ n a x
plemionami 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɔ n a mʲ i 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɔ n a mʲ i
plemiona 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɔ n a 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɔ n a
plemiona 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɔ n a 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɔ n a
plemiona 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɔ n a 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɔ n a
plemion 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɔ n 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɔ n
plemionom 
	p l ɛ mʲ ɔ n ɔ m 
	b l ɛ mʲ i ɔ n ɔ m
plemnik 
	p l ɛ m ɲ i k 
	b l ɛ m ɲ i k
plemnik 
	p l ɛ m ɲ i k 
	b l ɛ m ɲ i k
pleonazm 
	p l ɛ ɔ n a z m 
	b l ɛ ɔ n a z m
pleonazm 
	p l ɛ ɔ n a z m 
	b l ɛ ɔ n a z m
pleśnią 
	p l ɛ ɕ ɲ ɔ̃ 
	b l ɛ ʑ ɲ i ɔ̃
pleśni 
	p l ɛ ɕ ɲ i 
	b l ɛ ʑ ɲ i
pleśni 
	p l ɛ ɕ ɲ i 
	b l ɛ ʑ ɲ i
pleśni 
	p l ɛ ɕ ɲ i 
	b l ɛ ʑ ɲ i
pleśni 
	p l ɛ ɕ ɲ i 
	b l ɛ ʑ ɲ i
pleśń 
	p l ɛ ɕ ɲ 
	b l ɛ ʑ ɲ
pleśń 
	p l ɛ ɕ ɲ 
	b l ɛ ʑ ɲ
pleszczotka 
	p l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɔ t k a 
	b l ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɔ t k a
płetwa 
	p w ɛ t f a 
	p w ɛ d v a
płetwonurek 
	p w ɛ t f ɔ n u r ɛ k 
	p w ɛ d v ɔ n u r ɛ k
plewach 
	p l ɛ v a x 
	b l ɛ v a x
plewami 
	p l ɛ v a mʲ i 
	b l ɛ v a mʲ i
plewą 
	p l ɛ v ɔ̃ 
	b l ɛ v ɔ̃
plewa 
	p l ɛ v a 
	b l ɛ v a
plewę 
	p l ɛ v ɛ 
	b l ɛ v ɛ~
plewie 
	p l ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	b l ɛ vʲ i ɛ
plewie 
	p l ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	b l ɛ vʲ i ɛ
plew 
	p l ɛ f 
	b l ɛ v
plewom 
	p l ɛ v ɔ m 
	b l ɛ v ɔ m
plewo 
	p l ɛ v ɔ 
	b l ɛ v ɔ
plewy 
	p l ɛ v ɨ 
	b l ɛ v ɨ
plewy 
	p l ɛ v ɨ 
	b l ɛ v ɨ
plewy 
	p l ɛ v ɨ 
	b l ɛ v ɨ
plewy 
	p l ɛ v ɨ 
	b l ɛ v ɨ
plik 
	p lʲ i k 
	b lʲ i k
plik 
	p lʲ i k 
	b lʲ i k
pliszka 
	p lʲ i ʂ k a 
	b lʲ i ʂ k a
płociach 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ a x 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i a x
płociami 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
płocią 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
płocie 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
płocie 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
płocie 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
płoci 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ i 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i
płoci 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ i 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i
płoci 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ i 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i
płoci 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ i 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i
płoci 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ i 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i
płociom 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
płoć 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ 
	p w ɔ t͡ʂ
płoć 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ 
	p w ɔ t͡ʂ
płodzie 
	p w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
płodzie 
	p w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
plomba 
	p l ɔ m b a 
	b l ɔ m b a
plomb 
	p l ɔ m p 
	b l ɔ m p
płomień 
	p w ɔ mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	p w ɔ mʲ i ɛ ɲ
płomień 
	p w ɔ mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	p w ɔ mʲ i ɛ ɲ
płomykówka 
	p w ɔ m ɨ k u f k a 
	p w ɔ m ɨ k u v k a
plonach 
	p l ɔ n a x 
	b l ɔ n a x
plonami 
	p l ɔ n a mʲ i 
	b l ɔ n a mʲ i
plonem 
	p l ɔ n ɛ m 
	b l ɔ n ɛ m
plonie 
	p l ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	b l ɔ ɲ i ɛ
plonie 
	p l ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	b l ɔ ɲ i ɛ
plon 
	p l ɔ n 
	b l ɔ n
plon 
	p l ɔ n 
	b l ɔ n
plonom 
	p l ɔ n ɔ m 
	b l ɔ n ɔ m
plonowi 
	p l ɔ n ɔ vʲ i 
	b l ɔ n ɔ vʲ i
plonów 
	p l ɔ n u f 
	b l ɔ n u v
plonu 
	p l ɔ n u 
	b l ɔ n u
plony 
	p l ɔ n ɨ 
	b l ɔ n ɨ
plony 
	p l ɔ n ɨ 
	b l ɔ n ɨ
plony 
	p l ɔ n ɨ 
	b l ɔ n ɨ
plotce 
	p l ɔ t t͡s ɛ 
	b l ɔ t t͡s ɛ
plotce 
	p l ɔ t t͡s ɛ 
	b l ɔ t t͡s ɛ
plotek 
	p l ɔ t ɛ k 
	b l ɔ t ɛ k
plotkach 
	p l ɔ t k a x 
	b l ɔ t k a x
plotkami 
	p l ɔ t k a mʲ i 
	b l ɔ t k a mʲ i
plotką 
	p l ɔ t k ɔ̃ 
	b l ɔ t k ɔ̃
plotka 
	p l ɔ t k a 
	b l ɔ t k a
plotkę 
	p l ɔ t k ɛ 
	b l ɔ t k ɛ~
płotkę 
	p w ɔ t k ɛ 
	p w ɔ t k ɛ~
plotki 
	p l ɔ t kʲ i 
	b l ɔ t kʲ i
plotki 
	p l ɔ t kʲ i 
	b l ɔ t kʲ i
plotki 
	p l ɔ t kʲ i 
	b l ɔ t kʲ i
plotki 
	p l ɔ t kʲ i 
	b l ɔ t kʲ i
plotkom 
	p l ɔ t k ɔ m 
	b l ɔ t k ɔ m
plotko 
	p l ɔ t k ɔ 
	b l ɔ t k ɔ
płócien 
	p w u t͡ɕ ɛ n 
	p w u t͡sʲ i ɛ n
płótnach 
	p w u t n a x 
	p w u d n a x
płótnami 
	p w u t n a mʲ i 
	p w u d n a mʲ i
płótna 
	p w u t n a 
	p w u d n a
płótna 
	p w u t n a 
	p w u d n a
płótna 
	p w u t n a 
	p w u d n a
płótna 
	p w u t n a 
	p w u d n a
płótnem 
	p w u t n ɛ m 
	p w u d n ɛ m
płótnie 
	p w u t ɲ ɛ 
	p w u d ɲ i ɛ
płótnom 
	p w u t n ɔ m 
	p w u d n ɔ m
płótno 
	p w u t n ɔ 
	p w u d n ɔ
płótno 
	p w u t n ɔ 
	p w u d n ɔ
płótno 
	p w u t n ɔ 
	p w u d n ɔ
płótnu 
	p w u t n u 
	p w u d n u
płocie 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
płocie 
	p w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
płotów 
	p w ɔ t u f 
	p w ɔ t u v
płozę 
	p w ɔ z ɛ 
	p w ɔ z ɛ~
płozie 
	p w ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	p w ɔ ʑ i ɛ
płozie 
	p w ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	p w ɔ ʑ i ɛ
pluchą 
	p l u x ɔ̃ 
	b l u x ɔ̃
plucha 
	p l u x a 
	b l u x a
pluchę 
	p l u x ɛ 
	b l u x ɛ~
plucho 
	p l u x ɔ 
	b l u x ɔ
pluchy 
	p l u x ɨ 
	b l u x ɨ
pluchy 
	p l u x ɨ 
	b l u x ɨ
pluchy 
	p l u x ɨ 
	b l u x ɨ
pluchy 
	p l u x ɨ 
	b l u x ɨ
plusze 
	p l u ʂ ɛ 
	b l u ʂ ɛ
plusze 
	p l u ʂ ɛ 
	b l u ʂ ɛ
pludry 
	p l u d r ɨ 
	b l u t r ɨ
pludry 
	p l u d r ɨ 
	b l u t r ɨ
pludry 
	p l u d r ɨ 
	b l u t r ɨ
pługi 
	p w u ɡʲ i 
	p w u gʲ i
pługi 
	p w u ɡʲ i 
	p w u gʲ i
pługi 
	p w u ɡʲ i 
	p w u gʲ i
pluskwa 
	p l u s k f a 
	b l u s g v a
plus 
	p l u s 
	b l u s
plus 
	p l u s 
	b l u s
płynie 
	p w ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	p w ɨ ɲ i ɛ
płynie 
	p w ɨ ɲ ɛ 
	p w ɨ ɲ i ɛ
płynów 
	p w ɨ n u f 
	p w ɨ n u v
pnącze 
	p n ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	b n ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ
pnącze 
	p n ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	b n ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ
pnącze 
	p n ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	b n ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ
pniak 
	p ɲ a k 
	b ɲ i a k
pniak 
	p ɲ a k 
	b ɲ i a k
pochodnia 
	p ɔ x ɔ d ɲ a 
	p ɔ x ɔ d ɲ i a
pochwa 
	p ɔ x f a 
	p ɔ x v a
pochyłość 
	p ɔ x ɨ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ x ɨ w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
pochyłość 
	p ɔ x ɨ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ x ɨ w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
pociągiem 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ gʲ i ɛ m
pociągi 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ gʲ i
pociągi 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ gʲ i
pociągi 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ gʲ i
pociąg 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
pociąg 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
pociągu 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ u 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g u
pociągu 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ u 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g u
pociągu 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ u 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g u
pociecha 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ x a 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ x a
pociech 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ x 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ x
pociesze 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ ʂ ɛ 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ
pociesze 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ ʂ ɛ 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ
pocisk 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ i s k 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i s k
pocisk 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ i s k 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i s k
początek 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ n t ɛ k 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t ɛ k
początek 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ n t ɛ k 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t ɛ k
początku 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ n t k u 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t k u
początku 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ n t k u 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t k u
początku 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ n t k u 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t k u
poczekalnia 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ k a l ɲ a 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ k a l ɲ i a
poczęstunek 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ̃ s t u n ɛ k 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ~s t u n ɛ k
poczęstunek 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ̃ s t u n ɛ k 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ~s t u n ɛ k
poczcie 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ t͡sʲ i ɛ
poczcie 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ t͡sʲ i ɛ
pocztę 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ t ɛ 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ t ɛ~
pocztówka 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ t u f k a 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ t u v k a
poczwarka 
	p ɔ t͡ʂ f a r k a 
	p ɔ d͡ʐ v a r k a
podbiał 
	p ɔ d bʲ a w 
	p ɔ d bʲ i a w
podbiał 
	p ɔ d bʲ a w 
	p ɔ d bʲ i a w
podbródek 
	p ɔ d b r u d ɛ k 
	p ɔ d p r u d ɛ k
podbródek 
	p ɔ d b r u d ɛ k 
	p ɔ d p r u d ɛ k
podcasting 
	p ɔ t k a s t i n k 
	p ɔ t t͡s a s tʲ i n k
podcasting 
	p ɔ t k a s t i n k 
	p ɔ t t͡s a s tʲ i n k
podcast 
	p ɔ t k a s t 
	p ɔ t t͡s a s t
podcast 
	p ɔ t k a s t 
	p ɔ t t͡s a s t
podejrzenie 
	p ɔ d ɛ j ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ɛ j ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podejrzenie 
	p ɔ d ɛ j ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ɛ j ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podejrzenie 
	p ɔ d ɛ j ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ɛ j ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podeszwa 
	p ɔ d ɛ ʂ f a 
	p ɔ d ɛ ʐ v a
podgrupa 
	p ɔ d ɡ r u p a 
	p ɔ d k r u p a
podgrzybek 
	p ɔ d ɡ ʐ ɨ b ɛ k 
	p ɔ d g ʐ ɨ b ɛ k
podkówka 
	p ɔ t k u f k a 
	p ɔ t k u v k a
podkreślanie 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ɕ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ʑ l a ɲ i ɛ
podkreślanie 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ɕ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ʑ l a ɲ i ɛ
podkreślanie 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ɕ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ʑ l a ɲ i ɛ
podkreślenie 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ɕ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ʑ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podkreślenie 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ɕ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ʑ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podkreślenie 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ɕ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t k r ɛ ʑ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podłodze 
	p ɔ d w ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	p ɔ d w ɔ d z ɛ
podłodze 
	p ɔ d w ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	p ɔ d w ɔ d z ɛ
podłogą 
	p ɔ d w ɔ ɡ ɔ̃ 
	p ɔ d w ɔ g ɔ̃
podłoga 
	p ɔ d w ɔ ɡ a 
	p ɔ d w ɔ g a
podłogę 
	p ɔ d w ɔ ɡ ɛ 
	p ɔ d w ɔ g ɛ~
podmiot 
	p ɔ d mʲ ɔ t 
	p ɔ d mʲ i ɔ t
podmiot 
	p ɔ d mʲ ɔ t 
	p ɔ d mʲ i ɔ t
podniebienie 
	p ɔ d ɲ ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ɲ i ɛ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podniebienie 
	p ɔ d ɲ ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ɲ i ɛ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podniebienie 
	p ɔ d ɲ ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ɲ i ɛ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podpalenie 
	p ɔ t p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podpalenie 
	p ɔ t p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podpalenie 
	p ɔ t p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
podpowiedź 
	p ɔ t p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ t p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ɕ
podpowiedź 
	p ɔ t p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ t p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ɕ
podręcznik 
	p ɔ d r ɛ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	p ɔ t r ɛ~d͡ʐ ɲ i k
podręcznik 
	p ɔ d r ɛ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	p ɔ t r ɛ~d͡ʐ ɲ i k
podróbka 
	p ɔ d r u p k a 
	p ɔ t r u p k a
podróżnik 
	p ɔ d r u ʐ ɲ i k 
	p ɔ t r u ʐ ɲ i k
podróż 
	p ɔ d r u ʂ 
	p ɔ t r u ʂ
podróż 
	p ɔ d r u ʂ 
	p ɔ t r u ʂ
podróży 
	p ɔ d r u ʐ ɨ 
	p ɔ t r u ʐ ɨ
podróży 
	p ɔ d r u ʐ ɨ 
	p ɔ t r u ʐ ɨ
podróży 
	p ɔ d r u ʐ ɨ 
	p ɔ t r u ʐ ɨ
podróży 
	p ɔ d r u ʐ ɨ 
	p ɔ t r u ʐ ɨ
podróży 
	p ɔ d r u ʐ ɨ 
	p ɔ t r u ʐ ɨ
podrywanie 
	p ɔ d r ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t r ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
podrywanie 
	p ɔ d r ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t r ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
podrywanie 
	p ɔ d r ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t r ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
podstawie 
	p ɔ t s t a vʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t s t a vʲ i ɛ
podstawie 
	p ɔ t s t a vʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t s t a vʲ i ɛ
podstaw 
	p ɔ t s t a f 
	p ɔ t s t a v
podstęp 
	p ɔ t s t ɛ m p 
	p ɔ t s t ɛ~p
podstęp 
	p ɔ t s t ɛ m p 
	p ɔ t s t ɛ~p
poduchę 
	p ɔ d u x ɛ 
	p ɔ d u x ɛ~
podwiązka 
	p ɔ d vʲ ɔ̃ s k a 
	p ɔ d vʲ i ɔ̃ s k a
podwieczorek 
	p ɔ d vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ r ɛ k 
	p ɔ d vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ r ɛ k
podwieczorek 
	p ɔ d vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ r ɛ k 
	p ɔ d vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ r ɛ k
podzbiór 
	p ɔ d z bʲ u r 
	p ɔ d z bʲ i u r
podzbiór 
	p ɔ d z bʲ u r 
	p ɔ d z bʲ i u r
podział 
	p ɔ d͡ʑ a w 
	p ɔ d ʑ i a w
podział 
	p ɔ d͡ʑ a w 
	p ɔ d ʑ i a w
podzielność 
	p ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ d ʑ i ɛ l n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
podzielność 
	p ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ l n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ d ʑ i ɛ l n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
podziwianie 
	p ɔ d͡ʑ i vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ʑ i vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
podziwianie 
	p ɔ d͡ʑ i vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ʑ i vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
podziwianie 
	p ɔ d͡ʑ i vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ d ʑ i vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
poganin 
	p ɔ ɡ a ɲ i n 
	p ɔ g a ɲ i n
pogan 
	p ɔ ɡ a n 
	p ɔ g a n
pogardzanie 
	p ɔ ɡ a r d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ g a r d z a ɲ i ɛ
pogardzanie 
	p ɔ ɡ a r d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ g a r d z a ɲ i ɛ
pogardzanie 
	p ɔ ɡ a r d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ g a r d z a ɲ i ɛ
pogodą 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d ɔ̃ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ɔ̃
pogoda 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d a 
	p ɔ g ɔ d a
pogodę 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d ɛ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ɛ~
pogodo 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d ɔ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ɔ
pogody 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d ɨ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ɨ
pogody 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d ɨ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ɨ
pogody 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d ɨ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ɨ
pogody 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d ɨ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ɨ
pogodzie 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
pogodzie 
	p ɔ ɡ ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p ɔ g ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
pogrom 
	p ɔ ɡ r ɔ m 
	p ɔ k r ɔ m
pogrom 
	p ɔ ɡ r ɔ m 
	p ɔ k r ɔ m
pogrzeb 
	p ɔ ɡ ʐ ɛ p 
	p ɔ g ʐ ɛ p
pogrzeb 
	p ɔ ɡ ʐ ɛ p 
	p ɔ g ʐ ɛ p
pointa 
	p w ɛ n t a 
	p ɔ i n t a
point 
	p w ɛ n t 
	p ɔ i n t
pointo 
	p w ɛ n t ɔ 
	p ɔ i n t ɔ
pointy 
	p w ɛ n t ɨ 
	p ɔ i n t ɨ
pointy 
	p w ɛ n t ɨ 
	p ɔ i n t ɨ
pointy 
	p w ɛ n t ɨ 
	p ɔ i n t ɨ
pointy 
	p w ɛ n t ɨ 
	p ɔ i n t ɨ
pojęcia 
	p ɔ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p ɔ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
pojęcia 
	p ɔ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p ɔ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
pojęcia 
	p ɔ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p ɔ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
pojęcia 
	p ɔ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p ɔ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
pojęcie 
	p ɔ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pojęcie 
	p ɔ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pojęcie 
	p ɔ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pojmowanie 
	p ɔ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
pojmowanie 
	p ɔ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
pojmowanie 
	p ɔ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
pokładzie 
	p ɔ k w a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p ɔ k w a d ʑ i ɛ
pokładzie 
	p ɔ k w a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p ɔ k w a d ʑ i ɛ
pokojówka 
	p ɔ k ɔ j u f k a 
	p ɔ k ɔ j u v k a
pokolenie 
	p ɔ k ɔ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pokolenie 
	p ɔ k ɔ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pokolenie 
	p ɔ k ɔ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pokonanie 
	p ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
pokonanie 
	p ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
pokonanie 
	p ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
pokorę 
	p ɔ k ɔ r ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ r ɛ~
pokosie 
	p ɔ k ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ ɕ i ɛ
pokosie 
	p ɔ k ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ k ɔ ɕ i ɛ
pokosów 
	p ɔ k ɔ s u f 
	p ɔ k ɔ s u v
pokrywanie 
	p ɔ k r ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k r ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
pokrywanie 
	p ɔ k r ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k r ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
pokrywanie 
	p ɔ k r ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ k r ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
pokrzywa 
	p ɔ k ʂ ɨ v a 
	p ɔ k ʐ ɨ v a
połączenie 
	p ɔ w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
połączenie 
	p ɔ w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
połączenie 
	p ɔ w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
polanę 
	p ɔ l a n ɛ 
	p ɔ l a n ɛ~
polanie 
	p ɔ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l a ɲ i ɛ
polanie 
	p ɔ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l a ɲ i ɛ
polanie 
	p ɔ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l a ɲ i ɛ
polanie 
	p ɔ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l a ɲ i ɛ
polanie 
	p ɔ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l a ɲ i ɛ
polanie 
	p ɔ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l a ɲ i ɛ
polanie 
	p ɔ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l a ɲ i ɛ
polanie 
	p ɔ l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l a ɲ i ɛ
polecanie 
	p ɔ l ɛ t͡s a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l ɛ t͡s a ɲ i ɛ
polecanie 
	p ɔ l ɛ t͡s a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l ɛ t͡s a ɲ i ɛ
polecanie 
	p ɔ l ɛ t͡s a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l ɛ t͡s a ɲ i ɛ
polędwica 
	p ɔ l ɛ n d vʲ i t͡s a 
	p ɔ l ɛ~d vʲ i t͡s a
polewka 
	p ɔ l ɛ f k a 
	p ɔ l ɛ v k a
policjantów 
	p ɔ lʲ i t͡s j a n t u f 
	p ɔ lʲ i t͡s j a n t u v
policjantów 
	p ɔ lʲ i t͡s j a n t u f 
	p ɔ lʲ i t͡s j a n t u v
poliester 
	p ɔ lʲ ɛ s t ɛ r 
	p ɔ lʲ i ɛ s t ɛ r
poliester 
	p ɔ lʲ ɛ s t ɛ r 
	p ɔ lʲ i ɛ s t ɛ r
poligamia 
	p ɔ lʲ i ɡ a mʲ a 
	p ɔ lʲ i g a mʲ i a
poligamista 
	p ɔ lʲ i ɡ a mʲ i s t a 
	p ɔ lʲ i g a mʲ i s t a
poligamistka 
	p ɔ lʲ i ɡ a mʲ i s t k a 
	p ɔ lʲ i g a mʲ i s t k a
poliglota 
	p ɔ lʲ i ɡ l ɔ t a 
	p ɔ lʲ i g l ɔ t a
polkę 
	p ɔ l k ɛ 
	p ɔ l k ɛ~
półkę 
	p u w k ɛ 
	p u w k ɛ~
półksiężyc 
	p u w k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s 
	p u w k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s
półksiężyc 
	p u w k ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ t͡s 
	p u w k ɕ i ɛ~ʐ ɨ t͡s
polowanie 
	p ɔ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
polowanie 
	p ɔ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
polowanie 
	p ɔ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
połowę 
	p ɔ w ɔ v ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ v ɛ~
połowie 
	p ɔ w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
połowie 
	p ɔ w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
połów 
	p ɔ w u f 
	p ɔ w u v
położenie 
	p ɔ w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
położenie 
	p ɔ w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
położenie 
	p ɔ w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
półpasiec 
	p u w p a ɕ ɛ t͡s 
	p u w p a ɕ i ɛ t͡s
półpasiec 
	p u w p a ɕ ɛ t͡s 
	p u w p a ɕ i ɛ t͡s
półpiętro 
	p u w pʲ ɛ n t r ɔ 
	p u w pʲ i ɛ~t r ɔ
półpiętro 
	p u w pʲ ɛ n t r ɔ 
	p u w pʲ i ɛ~t r ɔ
półpiętro 
	p u w pʲ ɛ n t r ɔ 
	p u w pʲ i ɛ~t r ɔ
półprzewodnik 
	p u w p ʂ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i k 
	p u w p ʐ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i k
półprzewodnik 
	p u w p ʂ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i k 
	p u w p ʐ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i k
polskość 
	p ɔ l s k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ l s k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
polskość 
	p ɔ l s k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ l s k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
połykanie 
	p ɔ w ɨ k a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɨ k a ɲ i ɛ
połykanie 
	p ɔ w ɨ k a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɨ k a ɲ i ɛ
połykanie 
	p ɔ w ɨ k a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ w ɨ k a ɲ i ɛ
pomiar 
	p ɔ mʲ a r 
	p ɔ mʲ i a r
pomiar 
	p ɔ mʲ a r 
	p ɔ mʲ i a r
pomyśle 
	p ɔ m ɨ ɕ l ɛ 
	p ɔ m ɨ ʑ l ɛ
pomyśle 
	p ɔ m ɨ ɕ l ɛ 
	p ɔ m ɨ ʑ l ɛ
poniedziałek 
	p ɔ ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ a w ɛ k 
	p ɔ ɲ i ɛ d ʑ i a w ɛ k
poniedziałek 
	p ɔ ɲ ɛ d͡ʑ a w ɛ k 
	p ɔ ɲ i ɛ d ʑ i a w ɛ k
ponowoczesność 
	p ɔ n ɔ v ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ s n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ n ɔ v ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ z n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
ponowoczesność 
	p ɔ n ɔ v ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ s n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ n ɔ v ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ z n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
poparcie 
	p ɔ p a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ p a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
poparcie 
	p ɔ p a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ p a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
poparcie 
	p ɔ p a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ p a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
popcorn 
	p ɔ p k ɔ r n 
	p ɔ p t͡s ɔ r n
popcorn 
	p ɔ p k ɔ r n 
	p ɔ p t͡s ɔ r n
popielniczka 
	p ɔ pʲ ɛ l ɲ i t͡ʂ k a 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɛ l ɲ i t͡ʂ k a
popieranie 
	p ɔ pʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
popieranie 
	p ɔ pʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
popieranie 
	p ɔ pʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
popiele 
	p ɔ pʲ ɛ l ɛ 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɛ l ɛ
popiele 
	p ɔ pʲ ɛ l ɛ 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɛ l ɛ
popiołach 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w a x 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w a x
popiołami 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w a mʲ i 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w a mʲ i
popiołem 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w ɛ m 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w ɛ m
popiół 
	p ɔ pʲ u w 
	p ɔ pʲ i u w
popiół 
	p ɔ pʲ u w 
	p ɔ pʲ i u w
popiołom 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w ɔ m 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w ɔ m
popiołowi 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w ɔ vʲ i 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w ɔ vʲ i
popiołów 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w u f 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w u v
popiołu 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w u 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w u
popioły 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w ɨ 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w ɨ
popioły 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w ɨ 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w ɨ
popioły 
	p ɔ pʲ ɔ w ɨ 
	p ɔ pʲ i ɔ w ɨ
popołudnie 
	p ɔ p ɔ w u d ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ p ɔ w u d ɲ i ɛ
popołudnie 
	p ɔ p ɔ w u d ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ p ɔ w u d ɲ i ɛ
popołudnie 
	p ɔ p ɔ w u d ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ p ɔ w u d ɲ i ɛ
poprawczak 
	p ɔ p r a f t͡ʂ a k 
	p ɔ p r a v t͡ʂ a k
poprawczak 
	p ɔ p r a f t͡ʂ a k 
	p ɔ p r a v t͡ʂ a k
poprawianie 
	p ɔ p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
poprawianie 
	p ɔ p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
poprawianie 
	p ɔ p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
popręg 
	p ɔ p r ɛ ŋ k 
	p ɔ p r ɛ~k
popręg 
	p ɔ p r ɛ ŋ k 
	p ɔ p r ɛ~k
porę 
	p ɔ r ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɛ~
porażenie 
	p ɔ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
porażenie 
	p ɔ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
porażenie 
	p ɔ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pornografia 
	p ɔ r n ɔ ɡ r a fʲ a 
	p ɔ r n ɔ k r a fʲ i a
pornograf 
	p ɔ r n ɔ ɡ r a f 
	p ɔ r n ɔ k r a f
porodówka 
	p ɔ r ɔ d u f k a 
	p ɔ r ɔ d u v k a
poronienie 
	p ɔ r ɔ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
poronienie 
	p ɔ r ɔ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
poronienie 
	p ɔ r ɔ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
porozmawianie 
	p ɔ r ɔ z m a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ z m a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
porozmawianie 
	p ɔ r ɔ z m a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ z m a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
porozmawianie 
	p ɔ r ɔ z m a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ z m a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
porozumienie 
	p ɔ r ɔ z u mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ z u mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
porozumienie 
	p ɔ r ɔ z u mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ z u mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
porozumienie 
	p ɔ r ɔ z u mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ r ɔ z u mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
porów 
	p ɔ r u f 
	p ɔ r u v
portmonetka 
	p ɔ r t m ɔ n ɛ t k a 
	p ɔ r d m ɔ n ɛ t k a
portowiec 
	p ɔ r t ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	p ɔ r t ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
portrecista 
	p ɔ r t r ɛ t͡ɕ i s t a 
	p ɔ r t r ɛ t͡sʲ i s t a
porządek 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ n d ɛ k 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ d ɛ k
porządek 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ n d ɛ k 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ d ɛ k
porządku 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ n t k u 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ t k u
porządku 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ n t k u 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ t k u
porządku 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ n t k u 
	p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ t k u
posadę 
	p ɔ s a d ɛ 
	p ɔ s a d ɛ~
posadzie 
	p ɔ s a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p ɔ s a d ʑ i ɛ
posadzie 
	p ɔ s a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p ɔ s a d ʑ i ɛ
posagach 
	p ɔ s a ɡ a x 
	p ɔ s a g a x
posagami 
	p ɔ s a ɡ a mʲ i 
	p ɔ s a g a mʲ i
posagiem 
	p ɔ s a ɡʲ ɛ m 
	p ɔ s a gʲ i ɛ m
posagi 
	p ɔ s a ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ s a gʲ i
posagi 
	p ɔ s a ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ s a gʲ i
posagi 
	p ɔ s a ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ s a gʲ i
posagom 
	p ɔ s a ɡ ɔ m 
	p ɔ s a g ɔ m
posagowi 
	p ɔ s a ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	p ɔ s a g ɔ vʲ i
posagu 
	p ɔ s a ɡ u 
	p ɔ s a g u
posagu 
	p ɔ s a ɡ u 
	p ɔ s a g u
posagu 
	p ɔ s a ɡ u 
	p ɔ s a g u
pościg 
	p ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i k 
	p ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i k
pościg 
	p ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i k 
	p ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i k
pośle 
	p ɔ ɕ l ɛ 
	p ɔ ʑ l ɛ
pośle 
	p ɔ ɕ l ɛ 
	p ɔ ʑ l ɛ
posłowie 
	p ɔ s w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ s w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
posłowie 
	p ɔ s w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ s w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
posłów 
	p ɔ s w u f 
	p ɔ s w u v
posłów 
	p ɔ s w u f 
	p ɔ s w u v
pośladek 
	p ɔ ɕ l a d ɛ k 
	p ɔ ʑ l a d ɛ k
pośladek 
	p ɔ ɕ l a d ɛ k 
	p ɔ ʑ l a d ɛ k
posłaniec 
	p ɔ s w a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	p ɔ s w a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
posłuchanie 
	p ɔ s w u x a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ s w u x a ɲ i ɛ
posłuchanie 
	p ɔ s w u x a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ s w u x a ɲ i ɛ
posłuchanie 
	p ɔ s w u x a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ s w u x a ɲ i ɛ
postarzanie 
	p ɔ s t a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ s t a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
postarzanie 
	p ɔ s t a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ s t a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
postarzanie 
	p ɔ s t a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ s t a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
postęp 
	p ɔ s t ɛ m p 
	p ɔ s t ɛ~p
postęp 
	p ɔ s t ɛ m p 
	p ɔ s t ɛ~p
poświata 
	p ɔ ɕ fʲ a t a 
	p ɔ ʑ vʲ i a t a
poświat 
	p ɔ ɕ fʲ a t 
	p ɔ ʑ vʲ i a t
poświęcenie 
	p ɔ ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
poświęcenie 
	p ɔ ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
potańcówka 
	p ɔ t a ɲ t͡s u f k a 
	p ɔ t a ɲ t͡s u v k a
potędze 
	p ɔ t ɛ n d͡z ɛ 
	p ɔ t ɛ~d z ɛ
potędze 
	p ɔ t ɛ n d͡z ɛ 
	p ɔ t ɛ~d z ɛ
potęgą 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ̃ 
	p ɔ t ɛ~g ɔ̃
potęga 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡ a 
	p ɔ t ɛ~g a
potęgę 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡ ɛ 
	p ɔ t ɛ~g ɛ~
potęgi 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ t ɛ~gʲ i
potęgi 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ t ɛ~gʲ i
potęgi 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ t ɛ~gʲ i
potęgi 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p ɔ t ɛ~gʲ i
potęg 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ k 
	p ɔ t ɛ~k
potęgom 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ m 
	p ɔ t ɛ~g ɔ m
potęgo 
	p ɔ t ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ 
	p ɔ t ɛ~g ɔ
pocie 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
pocie 
	p ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
potów 
	p ɔ t u f 
	p ɔ t u v
potrawę 
	p ɔ t r a v ɛ 
	p ɔ t r a v ɛ~
potrawie 
	p ɔ t r a vʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t r a vʲ i ɛ
potrawie 
	p ɔ t r a vʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ t r a vʲ i ɛ
potraw 
	p ɔ t r a f 
	p ɔ t r a v
potrzeba 
	p ɔ t ʂ ɛ b a 
	p ɔ t ʐ ɛ b a
potrzeby 
	p ɔ t ʂ ɛ b ɨ 
	p ɔ t ʐ ɛ b ɨ
potrzeby 
	p ɔ t ʂ ɛ b ɨ 
	p ɔ t ʐ ɛ b ɨ
potrzeby 
	p ɔ t ʂ ɛ b ɨ 
	p ɔ t ʐ ɛ b ɨ
potrzeby 
	p ɔ t ʂ ɛ b ɨ 
	p ɔ t ʐ ɛ b ɨ
potrzos 
	p ɔ t ʂ ɔ s 
	p ɔ t ʐ ɔ s
potwarz 
	p ɔ t f a ʂ 
	p ɔ d v a ʂ
potwarz 
	p ɔ t f a ʂ 
	p ɔ d v a ʂ
potwora 
	p ɔ t f ɔ r a 
	p ɔ d v ɔ r a
potwora 
	p ɔ t f ɔ r a 
	p ɔ d v ɔ r a
potwór 
	p ɔ t f u r 
	p ɔ d v u r
powiadomienie 
	p ɔ vʲ a d ɔ mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ vʲ i a d ɔ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
powiadomienie 
	p ɔ vʲ a d ɔ mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ vʲ i a d ɔ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
powiadomienie 
	p ɔ vʲ a d ɔ mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ vʲ i a d ɔ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
powiat 
	p ɔ vʲ a t 
	p ɔ vʲ i a t
powiat 
	p ɔ vʲ a t 
	p ɔ vʲ i a t
powiecie 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
powiecie 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
powiece 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ
powiece 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ
powieką 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ k ɔ̃ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ k ɔ̃
powieka 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ k a 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ k a
powiekę 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ k ɛ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ k ɛ~
powieki 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ kʲ i 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ kʲ i
powieki 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ kʲ i 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ kʲ i
powieki 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ kʲ i 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ kʲ i
powieki 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ kʲ i 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ kʲ i
powiek 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ k 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ k
powiekom 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ k ɔ m 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ k ɔ m
powieko 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ k ɔ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ k ɔ
powierzchnia 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɲ a 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɲ i a
powierzchni 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɲ i 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɲ i
powierzchni 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɲ i 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɲ i
powierzchni 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɲ i 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɲ i
powierzchni 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɲ i 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɲ i
powieść 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
powieść 
	p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
powódź 
	p ɔ v u t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ v u t ɕ
powódź 
	p ɔ v u t͡ɕ 
	p ɔ v u t ɕ
powrocie 
	p ɔ v r ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ v r ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
powrocie 
	p ɔ v r ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ɔ v r ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
powstanie 
	p ɔ f s t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ v s t a ɲ i ɛ
powstanie 
	p ɔ f s t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ v s t a ɲ i ɛ
powstanie 
	p ɔ f s t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ v s t a ɲ i ɛ
powstań 
	p ɔ f s t a ɲ 
	p ɔ v s t a ɲ
powtarzanie 
	p ɔ f t a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ v t a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
powtarzanie 
	p ɔ f t a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ v t a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
powtarzanie 
	p ɔ f t a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ v t a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
pozdrowienie 
	p ɔ z d r ɔ vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ z t r ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pozdrowienie 
	p ɔ z d r ɔ vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ z t r ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pozdrowienie 
	p ɔ z d r ɔ vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ z t r ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
poziewnik 
	p ɔ ʑ ɛ v ɲ i k 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɛ v ɲ i k
poziewnik 
	p ɔ ʑ ɛ v ɲ i k 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɛ v ɲ i k
poziomica 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ mʲ i t͡s a 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ mʲ i t͡s a
poziomka 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ m k a 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ m k a
poziomie 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ mʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ mʲ i ɛ
poziomie 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ mʲ ɛ 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ mʲ i ɛ
poziom 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ m 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ m
poziom 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ m 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ m
poziomy 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ m ɨ 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ m ɨ
poziomy 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ m ɨ 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ m ɨ
poziomy 
	p ɔ ʑ ɔ m ɨ 
	p ɔ ʑ i ɔ m ɨ
pozwalanie 
	p ɔ z v a l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ z v a l a ɲ i ɛ
pozwalanie 
	p ɔ z v a l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ z v a l a ɲ i ɛ
pozwalanie 
	p ɔ z v a l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɔ z v a l a ɲ i ɛ
pozytywka 
	p ɔ z ɨ t ɨ f k a 
	p ɔ z ɨ t ɨ v k a
prababcia 
	p r a b a p t͡ɕ a 
	p r a b a p t͡sʲ i a
pracę 
	p r a t͡s ɛ 
	p r a t͡s ɛ~
prąciach 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ a x 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i a x
prąciami 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
prącia 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i a
prącia 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i a
prącia 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i a
prącia 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i a
prąciem 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i ɛ m
prącie 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i ɛ
prącie 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i ɛ
prącie 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i ɛ
prąciom 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
prąciu 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i u
prąciu 
	p r ɔ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	p r ɔ̃ t͡sʲ i u
pracodawca 
	p r a t͡s ɔ d a f t͡s a 
	p r a t͡s ɔ d a v t͡s a
pracownia 
	p r a t͡s ɔ v ɲ a 
	p r a t͡s ɔ v ɲ i a
prądach 
	p r ɔ n d a x 
	p r ɔ̃ d a x
prądami 
	p r ɔ n d a mʲ i 
	p r ɔ̃ d a mʲ i
prądem 
	p r ɔ n d ɛ m 
	p r ɔ̃ d ɛ m
prąd 
	p r ɔ n t 
	p r ɔ̃ t
prąd 
	p r ɔ n t 
	p r ɔ̃ t
prądom 
	p r ɔ n d ɔ m 
	p r ɔ̃ d ɔ m
prądowi 
	p r ɔ n d ɔ vʲ i 
	p r ɔ̃ d ɔ vʲ i
prądów 
	p r ɔ n d u f 
	p r ɔ̃ d u v
prądu 
	p r ɔ n d u 
	p r ɔ̃ d u
prądy 
	p r ɔ n d ɨ 
	p r ɔ̃ d ɨ
prądy 
	p r ɔ n d ɨ 
	p r ɔ̃ d ɨ
prądy 
	p r ɔ n d ɨ 
	p r ɔ̃ d ɨ
prądzie 
	p r ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p r ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
prądzie 
	p r ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	p r ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
pradziadek 
	p r a d͡ʑ a d ɛ k 
	p r a d ʑ i a d ɛ k
pragnienie 
	p r a ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p r a g ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pragnienie 
	p r a ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p r a g ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pragnienie 
	p r a ɡ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p r a g ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
prajęzyk 
	p r a j ɛ̃ z ɨ k 
	p r a j ɛ~z ɨ k
prajęzyk 
	p r a j ɛ̃ z ɨ k 
	p r a j ɛ~z ɨ k
pralnia 
	p r a l ɲ a 
	p r a l ɲ i a
praporządek 
	p r a p ɔ ʐ ɔ n d ɛ k 
	p r a p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ d ɛ k
praporządek 
	p r a p ɔ ʐ ɔ n d ɛ k 
	p r a p ɔ ʐ ɔ̃ d ɛ k
prawnikiem 
	p r a v ɲ i kʲ ɛ m 
	p r a v ɲ i kʲ i ɛ m
prawie 
	p r a vʲ ɛ 
	p r a vʲ i ɛ
praw 
	p r a f 
	p r a v
pręcik 
	p r ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i k 
	p r ɛ~t͡sʲ i k
pręcik 
	p r ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ i k 
	p r ɛ~t͡sʲ i k
prędkościomierz 
	p r ɛ n t k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ mʲ ɛ ʂ 
	p r ɛ~t k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ mʲ i ɛ ʂ
prędkościomierz 
	p r ɛ n t k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ mʲ ɛ ʂ 
	p r ɛ~t k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ mʲ i ɛ ʂ
prędkość 
	p r ɛ n t k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p r ɛ~t k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
prędkość 
	p r ɛ n t k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p r ɛ~t k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
prędze 
	p r ɛ n d͡z ɛ 
	p r ɛ~d z ɛ
prędze 
	p r ɛ n d͡z ɛ 
	p r ɛ~d z ɛ
pręgach 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡ a x 
	p r ɛ~g a x
pręgami 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡ a mʲ i 
	p r ɛ~g a mʲ i
pręgą 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ̃ 
	p r ɛ~g ɔ̃
pręga 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡ a 
	p r ɛ~g a
pręgę 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡ ɛ 
	p r ɛ~g ɛ~
pręgi 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p r ɛ~gʲ i
pręgi 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p r ɛ~gʲ i
pręgi 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p r ɛ~gʲ i
pręgi 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡʲ i 
	p r ɛ~gʲ i
pręg 
	p r ɛ ŋ k 
	p r ɛ~k
pręgom 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ m 
	p r ɛ~g ɔ m
pręgo 
	p r ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ 
	p r ɛ~g ɔ
prekognicja 
	p r ɛ k ɔ ɡ ɲ i t͡s j a 
	p r ɛ k ɔ g ɲ i t͡s j a
premiera 
	p r ɛ mʲ ɛ r a 
	p r ɛ mʲ i ɛ r a
premier 
	p r ɛ mʲ ɛ r 
	p r ɛ mʲ i ɛ r
premiera 
	p r ɛ mʲ ɛ r a 
	p r ɛ mʲ i ɛ r a
premiera 
	p r ɛ mʲ ɛ r a 
	p r ɛ mʲ i ɛ r a
premier 
	p r ɛ mʲ ɛ r 
	p r ɛ mʲ i ɛ r
pręcie 
	p r ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
pręcie 
	p r ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
prętach 
	p r ɛ n t a x 
	p r ɛ~t a x
prętami 
	p r ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	p r ɛ~t a mʲ i
pręta 
	p r ɛ n t a 
	p r ɛ~t a
prętem 
	p r ɛ n t ɛ m 
	p r ɛ~t ɛ m
pręt 
	p r ɛ n t 
	p r ɛ~t
pręt 
	p r ɛ n t 
	p r ɛ~t
prętom 
	p r ɛ n t ɔ m 
	p r ɛ~t ɔ m
prętowi 
	p r ɛ n t ɔ vʲ i 
	p r ɛ~t ɔ vʲ i
prętów 
	p r ɛ n t u f 
	p r ɛ~t u v
pręty 
	p r ɛ n t ɨ 
	p r ɛ~t ɨ
pręty 
	p r ɛ n t ɨ 
	p r ɛ~t ɨ
pręty 
	p r ɛ n t ɨ 
	p r ɛ~t ɨ
prezydencie 
	p r ɛ z ɨ d ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɛ z ɨ d ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
prezydencie 
	p r ɛ z ɨ d ɛ n t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɛ z ɨ d ɛ n t͡sʲ i ɛ
próbę 
	p r u b ɛ 
	p r u b ɛ~
próbie 
	p r u bʲ ɛ 
	p r u bʲ i ɛ
próbie 
	p r u bʲ ɛ 
	p r u bʲ i ɛ
problemów 
	p r ɔ b l ɛ m u f 
	p r ɔ b l ɛ m u v
próbowanie 
	p r u b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r u b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
próbowanie 
	p r u b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r u b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
próbowanie 
	p r u b ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r u b ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
próbówka 
	p r u b u f k a 
	p r u b u v k a
procę 
	p r ɔ t͡s ɛ 
	p r ɔ t͡s ɛ~
prochów 
	p r ɔ x u f 
	p r ɔ x u v
produkowanie 
	p r ɔ d u k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ d u k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
produkowanie 
	p r ɔ d u k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ d u k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
produkowanie 
	p r ɔ d u k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ d u k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
profesja 
	p r ɔ f ɛ s j a 
	p r ɔ f ɛ z j a
profesjonalizm 
	p r ɔ f ɛ s j ɔ n a lʲ i z m 
	p r ɔ f ɛ z j ɔ n a lʲ i z m
profesjonalizm 
	p r ɔ f ɛ s j ɔ n a lʲ i z m 
	p r ɔ f ɛ z j ɔ n a lʲ i z m
progach 
	p r ɔ ɡ a x 
	p r ɔ g a x
progami 
	p r ɔ ɡ a mʲ i 
	p r ɔ g a mʲ i
progiem 
	p r ɔ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	p r ɔ gʲ i ɛ m
progi 
	p r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	p r ɔ gʲ i
progi 
	p r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	p r ɔ gʲ i
progi 
	p r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	p r ɔ gʲ i
progom 
	p r ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	p r ɔ g ɔ m
progowi 
	p r ɔ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	p r ɔ g ɔ vʲ i
progów 
	p r ɔ ɡ u f 
	p r ɔ g u v
progu 
	p r ɔ ɡ u 
	p r ɔ g u
progu 
	p r ɔ ɡ u 
	p r ɔ g u
progu 
	p r ɔ ɡ u 
	p r ɔ g u
programista 
	p r ɔ ɡ r a mʲ i s t a 
	p r ɔ k r a mʲ i s t a
programowanie 
	p r ɔ ɡ r a m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ k r a m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
programowanie 
	p r ɔ ɡ r a m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ k r a m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
programowanie 
	p r ɔ ɡ r a m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ k r a m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
programie 
	p r ɔ ɡ r a mʲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ k r a mʲ i ɛ
programie 
	p r ɔ ɡ r a mʲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ k r a mʲ i ɛ
program 
	p r ɔ ɡ r a m 
	p r ɔ k r a m
program 
	p r ɔ ɡ r a m 
	p r ɔ k r a m
promień 
	p r ɔ mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	p r ɔ mʲ i ɛ ɲ
promień 
	p r ɔ mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	p r ɔ mʲ i ɛ ɲ
promie 
	p r ɔ mʲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ mʲ i ɛ
promie 
	p r ɔ mʲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ mʲ i ɛ
promów 
	p r ɔ m u f 
	p r ɔ m u v
propaganda 
	p r ɔ p a ɡ a n d a 
	p r ɔ p a g a n d a
proponowanie 
	p r ɔ p ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ p ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
proponowanie 
	p r ɔ p ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ p ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
proponowanie 
	p r ɔ p ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p r ɔ p ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
proroctwo 
	p r ɔ r ɔ t͡s t f ɔ 
	p r ɔ r ɔ t͡s d v ɔ
proroctwo 
	p r ɔ r ɔ t͡s t f ɔ 
	p r ɔ r ɔ t͡s d v ɔ
proroctwo 
	p r ɔ r ɔ t͡s t f ɔ 
	p r ɔ r ɔ t͡s d v ɔ
prosiak 
	p r ɔ ɕ a k 
	p r ɔ ɕ i a k
prosiąt 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɔ n t 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɔ̃ t
prosięcia 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
prosięciem 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ m
prosięciu 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
prosięciu 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
prosię 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~
prosię 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~
prosię 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~
prosiętach 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ n t a x 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t a x
prosiętami 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t a mʲ i
prosięta 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ n t a 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t a
prosięta 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ n t a 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t a
prosięta 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ n t a 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t a
prosiętom 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ n t ɔ m 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ~t ɔ m
prosie 
	p r ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ɕ i ɛ
prostokąt 
	p r ɔ s t ɔ k ɔ n t 
	p r ɔ s t ɔ k ɔ̃ t
prostokąt 
	p r ɔ s t ɔ k ɔ n t 
	p r ɔ s t ɔ k ɔ̃ t
prostopadłościan 
	p r ɔ s t ɔ p a d w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	p r ɔ s t ɔ p a d w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
prostopadłościan 
	p r ɔ s t ɔ p a d w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	p r ɔ s t ɔ p a d w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
protokołów 
	p r ɔ t ɔ k ɔ w u f 
	p r ɔ t ɔ k ɔ w u v
prozę 
	p r ɔ z ɛ 
	p r ɔ z ɛ~
prozie 
	p r ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ʑ i ɛ
prozie 
	p r ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	p r ɔ ʑ i ɛ
próżnia 
	p r u ʐ ɲ a 
	p r u ʐ ɲ i a
prozodia 
	p r ɔ z ɔ d j a 
	p r ɔ z ɔ dʲ i a
prozopagnozja 
	p r ɔ z ɔ p a ɡ n ɔ z j a 
	p r ɔ z ɔ p a g n ɔ z j a
prysznic 
	p r ɨ ʂ ɲ i t͡s 
	p r ɨ ʐ ɲ i t͡s
prysznic 
	p r ɨ ʂ ɲ i t͡s 
	p r ɨ ʐ ɲ i t͡s
prywaciarz 
	p r ɨ v a t͡ɕ a ʂ 
	p r ɨ v a t͡sʲ i a ʂ
przebieralnia 
	p ʂ ɛ bʲ ɛ r a l ɲ a 
	p ʐ ɛ bʲ i ɛ r a l ɲ i a
przebijanie 
	p ʂ ɛ bʲ i j a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ bʲ i j a ɲ i ɛ
przebijanie 
	p ʂ ɛ bʲ i j a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ bʲ i j a ɲ i ɛ
przebijanie 
	p ʂ ɛ bʲ i j a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ bʲ i j a ɲ i ɛ
przeciąg 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
przeciąg 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
przecinek 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i n ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i n ɛ k
przecinek 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i n ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i n ɛ k
przeciwciało 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i f t͡ɕ a w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v t͡sʲ i a w ɔ
przeciwciało 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i f t͡ɕ a w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v t͡sʲ i a w ɔ
przeciwciało 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i f t͡ɕ a w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v t͡sʲ i a w ɔ
przeciwdziedzina 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i v d͡ʑ ɛ d͡ʑ i n a 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v d ʑ i ɛ d ʑ i n a
przeciwnik 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i v ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v ɲ i k
przeciwobraz 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i v ɔ b r a s 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v ɔ p r a s
przeciwobraz 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i v ɔ b r a s 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v ɔ p r a s
przeciwwaga 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i v v a ɡ a 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v v a g a
przeczytanie 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
przeczytanie 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
przeczytanie 
	p ʂ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
przedimek 
	p ʂ ɛ d i m ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ dʲ i m ɛ k
przedimek 
	p ʂ ɛ d i m ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ dʲ i m ɛ k
przedmieście 
	p ʂ ɛ d mʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ d mʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
przedmieście 
	p ʂ ɛ d mʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ d mʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
przedmieście 
	p ʂ ɛ d mʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ d mʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
przedmiot 
	p ʂ ɛ d mʲ ɔ t 
	p ʐ ɛ d mʲ i ɔ t
przedmiot 
	p ʂ ɛ d mʲ ɔ t 
	p ʐ ɛ d mʲ i ɔ t
przedmowa 
	p ʂ ɛ d m ɔ v a 
	p ʐ ɛ d m ɔ v a
przedmówca 
	p ʂ ɛ d m u f t͡s a 
	p ʐ ɛ d m u v t͡s a
przedramię 
	p ʂ ɛ d r a mʲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t r a mʲ i ɛ~
przedramię 
	p ʂ ɛ d r a mʲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t r a mʲ i ɛ~
przedramię 
	p ʂ ɛ d r a mʲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t r a mʲ i ɛ~
przedrostek 
	p ʂ ɛ d r ɔ s t ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ t r ɔ s t ɛ k
przedrostek 
	p ʂ ɛ d r ɔ s t ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ t r ɔ s t ɛ k
przedsiębiorca 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɛ m bʲ ɔ r t͡s a 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɛ~bʲ i ɔ r t͡s a
przedsiębiorstwo 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɛ m bʲ ɔ r s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɛ~bʲ i ɔ r s d v ɔ
przedsiębiorstwo 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɛ m bʲ ɔ r s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɛ~bʲ i ɔ r s d v ɔ
przedsiębiorstwo 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɛ m bʲ ɔ r s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɛ~bʲ i ɔ r s d v ɔ
przedsięwzięcie 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɛ̃ v ʑ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɛ~v ʑ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
przedsięwzięcie 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɛ̃ v ʑ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɛ~v ʑ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
przedsięwzięcie 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɛ̃ v ʑ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɛ~v ʑ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
przedsionek 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɔ n ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɔ n ɛ k
przedsionek 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɕ ɔ n ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɕ i ɔ n ɛ k
przedstawienie 
	p ʂ ɛ t s t a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t s t a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przedstawienie 
	p ʂ ɛ t s t a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t s t a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przedstawienie 
	p ʂ ɛ t s t a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t s t a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przedszkole 
	p ʂ ɛ t ʂ k ɔ l ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ʂ k ɔ l ɛ
przedszkole 
	p ʂ ɛ t ʂ k ɔ l ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ʂ k ɔ l ɛ
przedszkole 
	p ʂ ɛ t ʂ k ɔ l ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ t ʂ k ɔ l ɛ
przędza 
	p ʂ ɛ n d͡z a 
	p ʐ ɛ~d z a
przędziwo 
	p ʂ ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i v ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ~d ʑ i v ɔ
przędziwo 
	p ʂ ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i v ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ~d ʑ i v ɔ
przędziwo 
	p ʂ ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i v ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ~d ʑ i v ɔ
przeglądarka 
	p ʂ ɛ ɡ l ɔ n d a r k a 
	p ʐ ɛ g l ɔ̃ d a r k a
przegląd 
	p ʂ ɛ ɡ l ɔ n t 
	p ʐ ɛ g l ɔ̃ t
przegląd 
	p ʂ ɛ ɡ l ɔ n t 
	p ʐ ɛ g l ɔ̃ t
przejście 
	p ʂ ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
przejście 
	p ʂ ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
przejście 
	p ʂ ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
przejść 
	p ʂ ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɛ j ɕ t͡ʂ
przekątna 
	p ʂ ɛ k ɔ n t n a 
	p ʐ ɛ k ɔ̃ d n a
przekątna 
	p ʂ ɛ k ɔ n t n a 
	p ʐ ɛ k ɔ̃ d n a
przekaźnik 
	p ʂ ɛ k a ʑ ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɛ k a ʑ ɲ i k
przekaźnik 
	p ʂ ɛ k a ʑ ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɛ k a ʑ ɲ i k
przekład 
	p ʂ ɛ k w a t 
	p ʐ ɛ k w a t
przekład 
	p ʂ ɛ k w a t 
	p ʐ ɛ k w a t
przekłamanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k w a m a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k w a m a ɲ i ɛ
przekłamanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k w a m a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k w a m a ɲ i ɛ
przekłamanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k w a m a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k w a m a ɲ i ɛ
przekleństwo 
	p ʂ ɛ k l ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ g l ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
przekleństwo 
	p ʂ ɛ k l ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ g l ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
przekleństwo 
	p ʂ ɛ k l ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ g l ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
przekonanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
przekonanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
przekonanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k ɔ n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k ɔ n a ɲ i ɛ
przekręt 
	p ʂ ɛ k r ɛ n t 
	p ʐ ɛ k r ɛ~t
przekręt 
	p ʂ ɛ k r ɛ n t 
	p ʐ ɛ k r ɛ~t
przekroje 
	p ʂ ɛ k r ɔ j ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k r ɔ j ɛ
przekroje 
	p ʂ ɛ k r ɔ j ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k r ɔ j ɛ
przekroje 
	p ʂ ɛ k r ɔ j ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ k r ɔ j ɛ
przekrój 
	p ʂ ɛ k r u j 
	p ʐ ɛ k r u j
przekrój 
	p ʂ ɛ k r u j 
	p ʐ ɛ k r u j
przekwitanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k fʲ i t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ g vʲ i t a ɲ i ɛ
przekwitanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k fʲ i t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ g vʲ i t a ɲ i ɛ
przekwitanie 
	p ʂ ɛ k fʲ i t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ g vʲ i t a ɲ i ɛ
przełącznik 
	p ʂ ɛ w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɛ w ɔ̃ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
przełącznik 
	p ʂ ɛ w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɛ w ɔ̃ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
przełęcz 
	p ʂ ɛ w ɛ n t͡ʂ 
	p ʐ ɛ w ɛ~t͡ʂ
przełęcz 
	p ʂ ɛ w ɛ n t͡ʂ 
	p ʐ ɛ w ɛ~t͡ʂ
przelew 
	p ʂ ɛ l ɛ f 
	p ʐ ɛ l ɛ v
przelew 
	p ʂ ɛ l ɛ f 
	p ʐ ɛ l ɛ v
przełyk 
	p ʂ ɛ w ɨ k 
	p ʐ ɛ w ɨ k
przełyk 
	p ʂ ɛ w ɨ k 
	p ʐ ɛ w ɨ k
przemówienie 
	p ʂ ɛ m u vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ m u vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przemówienie 
	p ʂ ɛ m u vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ m u vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przemówienie 
	p ʂ ɛ m u vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ m u vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przemytnik 
	p ʂ ɛ m ɨ t ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɛ m ɨ d ɲ i k
przemyt 
	p ʂ ɛ m ɨ t 
	p ʐ ɛ m ɨ t
przemyt 
	p ʂ ɛ m ɨ t 
	p ʐ ɛ m ɨ t
przenośnia 
	p ʂ ɛ n ɔ ɕ ɲ a 
	p ʐ ɛ n ɔ ʑ ɲ i a
przepaść 
	p ʂ ɛ p a ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɛ p a ɕ t͡ʂ
przepaść 
	p ʂ ɛ p a ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɛ p a ɕ t͡ʂ
przepiórka 
	p ʂ ɛ pʲ u r k a 
	p ʐ ɛ pʲ i u r k a
przepis 
	p ʂ ɛ pʲ i s 
	p ʐ ɛ pʲ i s
przepis 
	p ʂ ɛ pʲ i s 
	p ʐ ɛ pʲ i s
przeprowadzka 
	p ʂ ɛ p r ɔ v a t͡s k a 
	p ʐ ɛ p r ɔ v a d s k a
przerwa 
	p ʂ ɛ r v a 
	p ʐ ɛ r v a
przerwę 
	p ʂ ɛ r v ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ r v ɛ~
przerwy 
	p ʂ ɛ r v ɨ 
	p ʐ ɛ r v ɨ
przerwy 
	p ʂ ɛ r v ɨ 
	p ʐ ɛ r v ɨ
przerwy 
	p ʂ ɛ r v ɨ 
	p ʐ ɛ r v ɨ
przerwy 
	p ʂ ɛ r v ɨ 
	p ʐ ɛ r v ɨ
przerzutnia 
	p ʂ ɛ ʐ u t ɲ a 
	p ʐ ɛ ʐ u d ɲ i a
przesada 
	p ʂ ɛ s a d a 
	p ʐ ɛ s a d a
przesadzanie 
	p ʂ ɛ s a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ s a d z a ɲ i ɛ
przesadzanie 
	p ʂ ɛ s a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ s a d z a ɲ i ɛ
przesadzanie 
	p ʂ ɛ s a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ s a d z a ɲ i ɛ
prześcieradło 
	p ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r a d w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r a d w ɔ
prześcieradło 
	p ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r a d w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r a d w ɔ
prześcieradło 
	p ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r a d w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r a d w ɔ
przesieka 
	p ʂ ɛ ɕ ɛ k a 
	p ʐ ɛ ɕ i ɛ k a
przęsło 
	p ʂ ɛ̃ s w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ~s w ɔ
przęsło 
	p ʂ ɛ̃ s w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ~s w ɔ
przęsło 
	p ʂ ɛ̃ s w ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ~s w ɔ
przesłuchanie 
	p ʂ ɛ s w u x a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ s w u x a ɲ i ɛ
przesłuchanie 
	p ʂ ɛ s w u x a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ s w u x a ɲ i ɛ
przesłuchanie 
	p ʂ ɛ s w u x a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ s w u x a ɲ i ɛ
przesmyk 
	p ʂ ɛ s m ɨ k 
	p ʐ ɛ z m ɨ k
przesmyk 
	p ʂ ɛ s m ɨ k 
	p ʐ ɛ z m ɨ k
przestępca 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ɛ m p t͡s a 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ɛ~p t͡s a
przestępczość 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ɛ m p t͡ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ɛ~p t͡ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
przestępczość 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ɛ m p t͡ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ɛ~p t͡ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
przestępstwo 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ɛ m p s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ɛ~p s d v ɔ
przestępstwo 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ɛ m p s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ɛ~p s d v ɔ
przestępstwo 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ɛ m p s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ɛ~p s d v ɔ
przestrzeni 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ i
przestrzeni 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ i
przestrzeni 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ i
przestrzeni 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ i
przestrzeni 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ i
przestrzeń 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ
przestrzeń 
	p ʂ ɛ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ 
	p ʐ ɛ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ
przeszczep 
	p ʂ ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ p 
	p ʐ ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ p
przeszczep 
	p ʂ ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ p 
	p ʐ ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ p
przeszkoda 
	p ʂ ɛ ʂ k ɔ d a 
	p ʐ ɛ ʂ k ɔ d a
przetacznik 
	p ʂ ɛ t a t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɛ t a d͡ʐ ɲ i k
przetacznik 
	p ʂ ɛ t a t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɛ t a d͡ʐ ɲ i k
przetoka 
	p ʂ ɛ t ɔ k a 
	p ʐ ɛ t ɔ k a
przewaga 
	p ʂ ɛ v a ɡ a 
	p ʐ ɛ v a g a
przewagę 
	p ʂ ɛ v a ɡ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ v a g ɛ~
przewodniczący 
	p ʂ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i t͡ʂ ɔ n t͡s ɨ 
	p ʐ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t͡s ɨ
przewodniczący 
	p ʂ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i t͡ʂ ɔ n t͡s ɨ 
	p ʐ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t͡s ɨ
przewodniczący 
	p ʂ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i t͡ʂ ɔ n t͡s ɨ 
	p ʐ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t͡s ɨ
przewodniczący 
	p ʂ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i t͡ʂ ɔ n t͡s ɨ 
	p ʐ ɛ v ɔ d ɲ i t͡ʂ ɔ̃ t͡s ɨ
przewód 
	p ʂ ɛ v u t 
	p ʐ ɛ v u t
przewód 
	p ʂ ɛ v u t 
	p ʐ ɛ v u t
przeziębienie 
	p ʂ ɛ ʑ ɛ m bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ ʑ i ɛ~bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przeziębienie 
	p ʂ ɛ ʑ ɛ m bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ ʑ i ɛ~bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przeziębienie 
	p ʂ ɛ ʑ ɛ m bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɛ ʑ i ɛ~bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przeżuwacz 
	p ʂ ɛ ʐ u v a t͡ʂ 
	p ʐ ɛ ʐ u v a t͡ʂ
przeżytek 
	p ʂ ɛ ʐ ɨ t ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ ʐ ɨ t ɛ k
przeżytek 
	p ʂ ɛ ʐ ɨ t ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɛ ʐ ɨ t ɛ k
przodkini 
	p ʂ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i
przodkini 
	p ʂ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i
przodkini 
	p ʂ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i
przodkini 
	p ʂ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i
przodkini 
	p ʂ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i 
	p ʐ ɔ t kʲ i ɲ i
przód 
	p ʂ u t 
	p ʐ u t
przód 
	p ʂ u t 
	p ʐ u t
przodu 
	p ʂ ɔ d u 
	p ʐ ɔ d u
przybysz 
	p ʂ ɨ b ɨ ʂ 
	p ʐ ɨ b ɨ ʂ
przychód 
	p ʂ ɨ x u t 
	p ʐ ɨ x u t
przychód 
	p ʂ ɨ x u t 
	p ʐ ɨ x u t
przycisk 
	p ʂ ɨ t͡ɕ i s k 
	p ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i s k
przycisk 
	p ʂ ɨ t͡ɕ i s k 
	p ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i s k
przyczyna 
	p ʂ ɨ t͡ʂ ɨ n a 
	p ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɨ n a
przydawka 
	p ʂ ɨ d a f k a 
	p ʐ ɨ d a v k a
przydomek 
	p ʂ ɨ d ɔ m ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ d ɔ m ɛ k
przydomek 
	p ʂ ɨ d ɔ m ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ d ɔ m ɛ k
przydupas 
	p ʂ ɨ d u p a s 
	p ʐ ɨ d u p a s
przygoda 
	p ʂ ɨ ɡ ɔ d a 
	p ʐ ɨ g ɔ d a
przyimek 
	p ʂ ɨ i m ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ i m ɛ k
przyimek 
	p ʂ ɨ i m ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ i m ɛ k
przyjacielem 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ m 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ m
przyjaciele 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ
przyjaciele 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ
przyjaciel 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɛ l
przyjacielowi 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɛ l ɔ vʲ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɔ vʲ i
przyjacielu 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɛ l u 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɛ l u
przyjacielu 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɛ l u 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɛ l u
przyjaciołach 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɔ w a x 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɔ w a x
przyjaciółmi 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ u w mʲ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i u w mʲ i
przyjaciół 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ u w 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i u w
przyjaciół 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ u w 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i u w
przyjaciołom 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ ɔ w ɔ m 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i ɔ w ɔ m
przyjaciółka 
	p ʂ ɨ j a t͡ɕ u w k a 
	p ʐ ɨ j a t͡sʲ i u w k a
przyjaźnie 
	p ʂ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ i ɛ
przyjaźnie 
	p ʂ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ i ɛ
przyjaźnie 
	p ʂ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ i ɛ
przyjaźń 
	p ʂ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ 
	p ʐ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ
przyjaźń 
	p ʂ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ 
	p ʐ ɨ j a ʑ ɲ
przyjęcia 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
przyjęcia 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
przyjęcia 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
przyjęcia 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
przyjęcie 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
przyjęcie 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
przyjęcie 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
przyjęciu 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
przyjęciu 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
przyjemnością 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
przyjemności 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
przyjemności 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
przyjemności 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
przyjemności 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
przyjemności 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
przyjemności 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
przyjemności 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
przyjemności 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
przyjemność 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
przyjemność 
	p ʂ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɨ j ɛ m n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
przykład 
	p ʂ ɨ k w a t 
	p ʐ ɨ k w a t
przykład 
	p ʂ ɨ k w a t 
	p ʐ ɨ k w a t
przylot 
	p ʂ ɨ l ɔ t 
	p ʐ ɨ l ɔ t
przylot 
	p ʂ ɨ l ɔ t 
	p ʐ ɨ l ɔ t
przyloty 
	p ʂ ɨ l ɔ t ɨ 
	p ʐ ɨ l ɔ t ɨ
przyloty 
	p ʂ ɨ l ɔ t ɨ 
	p ʐ ɨ l ɔ t ɨ
przyloty 
	p ʂ ɨ l ɔ t ɨ 
	p ʐ ɨ l ɔ t ɨ
przymierzalnia 
	p ʂ ɨ mʲ ɛ ʐ a l ɲ a 
	p ʐ ɨ mʲ i ɛ ʐ a l ɲ i a
przymiotnik 
	p ʂ ɨ mʲ ɔ t ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɨ mʲ i ɔ d ɲ i k
przymiotnik 
	p ʂ ɨ mʲ ɔ t ɲ i k 
	p ʐ ɨ mʲ i ɔ d ɲ i k
przymiot 
	p ʂ ɨ mʲ ɔ t 
	p ʐ ɨ mʲ i ɔ t
przymiot 
	p ʂ ɨ mʲ ɔ t 
	p ʐ ɨ mʲ i ɔ t
przypadłość 
	p ʂ ɨ p a d w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɨ p a d w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
przypadłość 
	p ʂ ɨ p a d w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɨ p a d w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
przypał 
	p ʂ ɨ p a w 
	p ʐ ɨ p a w
przypał 
	p ʂ ɨ p a w 
	p ʐ ɨ p a w
przypływ 
	p ʂ ɨ p w ɨ f 
	p ʐ ɨ p w ɨ v
przypływ 
	p ʂ ɨ p w ɨ f 
	p ʐ ɨ p w ɨ v
przypominanie 
	p ʂ ɨ p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
przypominanie 
	p ʂ ɨ p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
przypominanie 
	p ʂ ɨ p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
przypowieść 
	p ʂ ɨ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɨ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
przypowieść 
	p ʂ ɨ p ɔ vʲ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɨ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
przyprawa 
	p ʂ ɨ p r a v a 
	p ʐ ɨ p r a v a
przyprawianie 
	p ʂ ɨ p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
przyprawianie 
	p ʂ ɨ p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
przyprawianie 
	p ʂ ɨ p r a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ p r a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
przyrostek 
	p ʂ ɨ r ɔ s t ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ r ɔ s t ɛ k
przyrostek 
	p ʂ ɨ r ɔ s t ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ r ɔ s t ɛ k
przyrząd 
	p ʂ ɨ ʐ ɔ n t 
	p ʐ ɨ ʐ ɔ̃ t
przyrząd 
	p ʂ ɨ ʐ ɔ n t 
	p ʐ ɨ ʐ ɔ̃ t
przysięganie 
	p ʂ ɨ ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ ɕ i ɛ~g a ɲ i ɛ
przysięganie 
	p ʂ ɨ ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ ɕ i ɛ~g a ɲ i ɛ
przysięganie 
	p ʂ ɨ ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ ɕ i ɛ~g a ɲ i ɛ
przysięga 
	p ʂ ɨ ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ a 
	p ʐ ɨ ɕ i ɛ~g a
przysłówek 
	p ʂ ɨ s w u v ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ s w u v ɛ k
przysłówek 
	p ʂ ɨ s w u v ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ s w u v ɛ k
przysłowie 
	p ʂ ɨ s w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ s w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
przysłowie 
	p ʂ ɨ s w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ s w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
przysłowie 
	p ʂ ɨ s w ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ s w ɔ vʲ i ɛ
przyspieszenie 
	p ʂ ɨ s pʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ s pʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przyspieszenie 
	p ʂ ɨ s pʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ s pʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przyspieszenie 
	p ʂ ɨ s pʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ s pʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przystanek 
	p ʂ ɨ s t a n ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ s t a n ɛ k
przystanek 
	p ʂ ɨ s t a n ɛ k 
	p ʐ ɨ s t a n ɛ k
przystawka 
	p ʂ ɨ s t a f k a 
	p ʐ ɨ s t a v k a
przytulanie 
	p ʂ ɨ t u l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ t u l a ɲ i ɛ
przytulanie 
	p ʂ ɨ t u l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ t u l a ɲ i ɛ
przytulanie 
	p ʂ ɨ t u l a ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ t u l a ɲ i ɛ
przywódca 
	p ʂ ɨ v u t t͡s a 
	p ʐ ɨ v u t t͡s a
przywództwo 
	p ʂ ɨ v u t͡s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɨ v u d s d v ɔ
przywództwo 
	p ʂ ɨ v u t͡s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɨ v u d s d v ɔ
przywództwo 
	p ʂ ɨ v u t͡s t f ɔ 
	p ʐ ɨ v u d s d v ɔ
przyzwoitka 
	p ʂ ɨ z v ɔ i t k a 
	p ʐ ɨ z v ɔ i t k a
przyzwoitość 
	p ʂ ɨ z v ɔ i t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɨ z v ɔ i t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
przyzwoitość 
	p ʂ ɨ z v ɔ i t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	p ʐ ɨ z v ɔ i t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
przyzwolenie 
	p ʂ ɨ z v ɔ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ z v ɔ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przyzwolenie 
	p ʂ ɨ z v ɔ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ z v ɔ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
przyzwolenie 
	p ʂ ɨ z v ɔ l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	p ʐ ɨ z v ɔ l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
pseudohodowla 
	p s ɛ w d ɔ x ɔ d ɔ v l a 
	p s ɛ u d ɔ x ɔ d ɔ v l a
pseudonim 
	p s ɛ w d ɔ ɲ i m 
	p s ɛ u d ɔ ɲ i m
pseudonim 
	p s ɛ w d ɔ ɲ i m 
	p s ɛ u d ɔ ɲ i m
psianka 
	p ɕ a n k a 
	p ɕ i a n k a
psiarnia 
	p ɕ a r ɲ a 
	p ɕ i a r ɲ i a
pstrąg 
	p s t r ɔ ŋ k 
	p s t r ɔ̃ k
psychiatryk 
	p s ɨ xʲ j a t r ɨ k 
	p s ɨ xʲ i a t r ɨ k
psychiatryk 
	p s ɨ xʲ j a t r ɨ k 
	p s ɨ xʲ i a t r ɨ k
psychologia 
	p s ɨ x ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	p s ɨ x ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
psychoterapeuta 
	p s ɨ x ɔ t ɛ r a p ɛ w t a 
	p s ɨ x ɔ t ɛ r a p ɛ u t a
psychoterapeutka 
	p s ɨ x ɔ t ɛ r a p ɛ w t k a 
	p s ɨ x ɔ t ɛ r a p ɛ u t k a
psów 
	p s u f 
	p s u v
pszczelarstwo 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ l a r s t f ɔ 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ l a r s d v ɔ
pszczelarstwo 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ l a r s t f ɔ 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ l a r s d v ɔ
pszczelarstwo 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ l a r s t f ɔ 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ l a r s d v ɔ
pszczółeczkę 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ u w ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ u w ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ~
pszczółkę 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ u w k ɛ 
	p ʂ t͡ʂ u w k ɛ~
pszeniec 
	p ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	p ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
pszeniec 
	p ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	p ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
ptakiem 
	p t a kʲ ɛ m 
	p t a kʲ i ɛ m
ptaków 
	p t a k u f 
	p t a k u v
publikowanie 
	p u b lʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p u b lʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
publikowanie 
	p u b lʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p u b lʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
publikowanie 
	p u b lʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	p u b lʲ i k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
puenta 
	p w ɛ n t a 
	p u ɛ n t a
puent 
	p w ɛ n t 
	p u ɛ n t
pugilares 
	p u ɡʲ i l a r ɛ s 
	p u gʲ i l a r ɛ s
pugilares 
	p u ɡʲ i l a r ɛ s 
	p u gʲ i l a r ɛ s
punkcie 
	p u n k t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p u n k t͡sʲ i ɛ
punkcie 
	p u n k t͡ɕ ɛ 
	p u n k t͡sʲ i ɛ
punktów 
	p u n k t u f 
	p u n k t u v
pustkowie 
	p u s t k ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p u s t k ɔ vʲ i ɛ
pustkowie 
	p u s t k ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p u s t k ɔ vʲ i ɛ
pustkowie 
	p u s t k ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	p u s t k ɔ vʲ i ɛ
pustynia 
	p u s t ɨ ɲ a 
	p u s t ɨ ɲ i a
pyskiem 
	p ɨ s kʲ ɛ m 
	p ɨ s kʲ i ɛ m
pysków 
	p ɨ s k u f 
	p ɨ s k u v
pytania 
	p ɨ t a ɲ a 
	p ɨ t a ɲ i a
pytania 
	p ɨ t a ɲ a 
	p ɨ t a ɲ i a
pytania 
	p ɨ t a ɲ a 
	p ɨ t a ɲ i a
pytania 
	p ɨ t a ɲ a 
	p ɨ t a ɲ i a
pytanie 
	p ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
pytanie 
	p ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
pytanie 
	p ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	p ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
rachunkowość 
	r a x u n k ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r a x u n k ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
rachunkowość 
	r a x u n k ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r a x u n k ɔ v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
racica 
	r a t͡ɕ i t͡s a 
	r a t͡sʲ i t͡s a
rączce 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ
rączce 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ
rączek 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ k
rączkach 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ k a x 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a x
rączkami 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ k a mʲ i 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a mʲ i
rączką 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ k ɔ̃ 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k ɔ̃
rączka 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
rączkę 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k ɛ~
rączki 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
rączki 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
rączki 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
rączki 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ kʲ i
rączkom 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ k ɔ m 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k ɔ m
rączko 
	r ɔ n t͡ʂ k ɔ 
	r ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k ɔ
radę 
	r a d ɛ 
	r a d ɛ~
radzie 
	r a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	r a d ʑ i ɛ
radzie 
	r a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	r a d ʑ i ɛ
radioaktywność 
	r a d j ɔ a k t ɨ v n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r a dʲ i ɔ a k t ɨ v n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
radioaktywność 
	r a d j ɔ a k t ɨ v n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r a dʲ i ɔ a k t ɨ v n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
radioamator 
	r a d j ɔ a m a t ɔ r 
	r a dʲ i ɔ a m a t ɔ r
radioastronomia 
	r a d j ɔ a s t r ɔ n ɔ mʲ a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ a s t r ɔ n ɔ mʲ i a
radiobusola 
	r a d j ɔ b u s ɔ l a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ b u s ɔ l a
radiochemia 
	r a d j ɔ x ɛ mʲ a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ x ɛ mʲ i a
radioelektryka 
	r a d j ɔ ɛ l ɛ k t r ɨ k a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ ɛ l ɛ k t r ɨ k a
radiografia 
	r a d j ɔ ɡ r a fʲ a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ k r a fʲ i a
radioizotop 
	r a d j ɔ i z ɔ t ɔ p 
	r a dʲ i ɔ i z ɔ t ɔ p
radioizotop 
	r a d j ɔ i z ɔ t ɔ p 
	r a dʲ i ɔ i z ɔ t ɔ p
radiokompas 
	r a d j ɔ k ɔ m p a s 
	r a dʲ i ɔ k ɔ m p a s
radiokompas 
	r a d j ɔ k ɔ m p a s 
	r a dʲ i ɔ k ɔ m p a s
radiokomunikacja 
	r a d j ɔ k ɔ m u ɲ i k a t͡s j a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ k ɔ m u ɲ i k a t͡s j a
radiokomunikacja 
	r a d j ɔ k ɔ m u ɲ i k a t͡s j a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ k ɔ m u ɲ i k a t͡s j a
radiolatarnia 
	r a d j ɔ l a t a r ɲ a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ l a t a r ɲ i a
radiologia 
	r a d j ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
radiolog 
	r a d j ɔ l ɔ k 
	r a dʲ i ɔ l ɔ k
radiolokacja 
	r a d j ɔ l ɔ k a t͡s j a 
	r a dʲ i ɔ l ɔ k a t͡s j a
radiomonter 
	r a d j ɔ m ɔ n t ɛ r 
	r a dʲ i ɔ m ɔ n t ɛ r
radiowóz 
	r a d j ɔ v u s 
	r a dʲ i ɔ v u s
radiowóz 
	r a d j ɔ v u s 
	r a dʲ i ɔ v u s
radości 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
radości 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
radości 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
radości 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
radości 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
radości 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
radości 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
radości 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
radość 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
radość 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r a d ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
rajdowiec 
	r a j d ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	r a j d ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
rakieta 
	r a kʲ ɛ t a 
	r a kʲ i ɛ t a
rakiem 
	r a kʲ ɛ m 
	r a kʲ i ɛ m
raków 
	r a k u f 
	r a k u v
ramię 
	r a mʲ ɛ 
	r a mʲ i ɛ~
ramienia 
	r a mʲ ɛ ɲ a 
	r a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a
ramieniem 
	r a mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	r a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
ramieniu 
	r a mʲ ɛ ɲ u 
	r a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
ramieniu 
	r a mʲ ɛ ɲ u 
	r a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i u
ramię 
	r a mʲ ɛ 
	r a mʲ i ɛ~
ramię 
	r a mʲ ɛ 
	r a mʲ i ɛ~
ramionach 
	r a mʲ ɔ n a x 
	r a mʲ i ɔ n a x
ramionami 
	r a mʲ ɔ n a mʲ i 
	r a mʲ i ɔ n a mʲ i
ramiona 
	r a mʲ ɔ n a 
	r a mʲ i ɔ n a
ramiona 
	r a mʲ ɔ n a 
	r a mʲ i ɔ n a
ramiona 
	r a mʲ ɔ n a 
	r a mʲ i ɔ n a
ramion 
	r a mʲ ɔ n 
	r a mʲ i ɔ n
ramionom 
	r a mʲ ɔ n ɔ m 
	r a mʲ i ɔ n ɔ m
ranę 
	r a n ɛ 
	r a n ɛ~
ranie 
	r a ɲ ɛ 
	r a ɲ i ɛ
ranie 
	r a ɲ ɛ 
	r a ɲ i ɛ
ranie 
	r a ɲ ɛ 
	r a ɲ i ɛ
ratowanie 
	r a t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r a t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ratowanie 
	r a t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r a t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ratowanie 
	r a t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r a t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
razie 
	r a ʑ ɛ 
	r a ʑ i ɛ
razie 
	r a ʑ ɛ 
	r a ʑ i ɛ
razów 
	r a z u f 
	r a z u v
rdzeń 
	r d͡z ɛ ɲ 
	r d z ɛ ɲ
rdzeń 
	r d͡z ɛ ɲ 
	r d z ɛ ɲ
realizowanie 
	r ɛ a lʲ i z ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ a lʲ i z ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
realizowanie 
	r ɛ a lʲ i z ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ a lʲ i z ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
realizowanie 
	r ɛ a lʲ i z ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ a lʲ i z ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ręcznik 
	r ɛ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	r ɛ~d͡ʐ ɲ i k
ręcznik 
	r ɛ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	r ɛ~d͡ʐ ɲ i k
regał 
	r ɛ ɡ a w 
	r ɛ g a w
regał 
	r ɛ ɡ a w 
	r ɛ g a w
reguła 
	r ɛ ɡ u w a 
	r ɛ g u w a
reguły 
	r ɛ ɡ u w ɨ 
	r ɛ g u w ɨ
reguły 
	r ɛ ɡ u w ɨ 
	r ɛ g u w ɨ
reguły 
	r ɛ ɡ u w ɨ 
	r ɛ g u w ɨ
reguły 
	r ɛ ɡ u w ɨ 
	r ɛ g u w ɨ
rękawica 
	r ɛ ŋ k a vʲ i t͡s a 
	r ɛ~k a vʲ i t͡s a
rękawiczka 
	r ɛ ŋ k a vʲ i t͡ʂ k a 
	r ɛ~k a vʲ i t͡ʂ k a
rękawa 
	r ɛ ŋ k a v a 
	r ɛ~k a v a
rękawie 
	r ɛ ŋ k a vʲ ɛ 
	r ɛ~k a vʲ i ɛ
rękawie 
	r ɛ ŋ k a vʲ ɛ 
	r ɛ~k a vʲ i ɛ
rękaw 
	r ɛ ŋ k a f 
	r ɛ~k a v
rękaw 
	r ɛ ŋ k a f 
	r ɛ~k a v
rękawy 
	r ɛ ŋ k a v ɨ 
	r ɛ~k a v ɨ
rękawy 
	r ɛ ŋ k a v ɨ 
	r ɛ~k a v ɨ
rękawy 
	r ɛ ŋ k a v ɨ 
	r ɛ~k a v ɨ
reklama 
	r ɛ k l a m a 
	r ɛ g l a m a
reklamowanie 
	r ɛ k l a m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ g l a m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
reklamowanie 
	r ɛ k l a m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ g l a m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
reklamowanie 
	r ɛ k l a m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ g l a m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rękoczyny 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ 
	r ɛ~k ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ
rękoczyny 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ 
	r ɛ~k ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ
rękoczyny 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ 
	r ɛ~k ɔ t͡ʂ ɨ n ɨ
rękodzieło 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ w ɔ 
	r ɛ~k ɔ d ʑ i ɛ w ɔ
rękodzieło 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ w ɔ 
	r ɛ~k ɔ d ʑ i ɛ w ɔ
rękodzieło 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ w ɔ 
	r ɛ~k ɔ d ʑ i ɛ w ɔ
rękojeść 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ j ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r ɛ~k ɔ j ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
rękojeść 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ j ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r ɛ~k ɔ j ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
rękopis 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ pʲ i s 
	r ɛ~k ɔ pʲ i s
rękopis 
	r ɛ ŋ k ɔ pʲ i s 
	r ɛ~k ɔ pʲ i s
relief 
	r ɛ l j ɛ f 
	r ɛ lʲ i ɛ f
relief 
	r ɛ l j ɛ f 
	r ɛ lʲ i ɛ f
religia 
	r ɛ lʲ i ɡʲ j a 
	r ɛ lʲ i gʲ i a
relikwiarz 
	r ɛ lʲ i k fʲ a ʂ 
	r ɛ lʲ i g vʲ i a ʂ
relikwiarz 
	r ɛ lʲ i k fʲ a ʂ 
	r ɛ lʲ i g vʲ i a ʂ
remake 
	rʲ i m ɛ j k 
	r ɛ m a k ɛ
remake 
	rʲ i m ɛ j k 
	r ɛ m a k ɛ
renegat 
	r ɛ n ɛ ɡ a t 
	r ɛ n ɛ g a t
rentgen 
	r ɛ n t ɡ ɛ n 
	r ɛ n d g ɛ n
rentgen 
	r ɛ n t ɡ ɛ n 
	r ɛ n d g ɛ n
replika 
	r ɛ p lʲ i k a 
	r ɛ b lʲ i k a
repozytorium 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
repozytorium 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
repozytorium 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
repozytorium 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
repozytorium 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
repozytorium 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
repozytorium 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	r ɛ p ɔ z ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
restauracjach 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j a x 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j a x
restauracjami 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j a mʲ i 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j a mʲ i
restauracją 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j ɔ̃ 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j ɔ̃
restauracja 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j a 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j a
restauracje 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j ɛ 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j ɛ
restaurację 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j ɛ 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j ɛ~
restauracje 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j ɛ 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j ɛ
restauracje 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j ɛ 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j ɛ
restauracji 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j i 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j i
restauracji 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j i 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j i
restauracji 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j i 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j i
restauracji 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j i 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j i
restauracjom 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j ɔ m 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j ɔ m
restauracjo 
	r ɛ s t a w r a t͡s j ɔ 
	r ɛ s t a u r a t͡s j ɔ
reumatyzm 
	r ɛ w m a t ɨ z m 
	r ɛ u m a t ɨ z m
reumatyzm 
	r ɛ w m a t ɨ z m 
	r ɛ u m a t ɨ z m
rezerwowanie 
	r ɛ z ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ z ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rezerwowanie 
	r ɛ z ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ z ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rezerwowanie 
	r ɛ z ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɛ z ɛ r v ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ripostowanie 
	rʲ i p ɔ s t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	rʲ i p ɔ s t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ripostowanie 
	rʲ i p ɔ s t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	rʲ i p ɔ s t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
ripostowanie 
	rʲ i p ɔ s t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	rʲ i p ɔ s t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
robinia 
	r ɔ bʲ i ɲ j a 
	r ɔ bʲ i ɲ i a
robocizna 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡ɕ i z n a 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡sʲ i z n a
robocie 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
robocie 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
robotę 
	r ɔ b ɔ t ɛ 
	r ɔ b ɔ t ɛ~
robotnik 
	r ɔ b ɔ t ɲ i k 
	r ɔ b ɔ d ɲ i k
robocie 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
robocie 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	r ɔ b ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
robotów 
	r ɔ b ɔ t u f 
	r ɔ b ɔ t u v
rocznica 
	r ɔ t͡ʂ ɲ i t͡s a 
	r ɔ d͡ʐ ɲ i t͡s a
rodów 
	r ɔ d u f 
	r ɔ d u v
rodzie 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
rodzie 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
rodzajnik 
	r ɔ d͡z a j ɲ i k 
	r ɔ d z a j ɲ i k
rodzajnik 
	r ɔ d͡z a j ɲ i k 
	r ɔ d z a j ɲ i k
rodzajem 
	r ɔ d͡z a j ɛ m 
	r ɔ d z a j ɛ m
rodzaj 
	r ɔ d͡z a j 
	r ɔ d z a j
rodzaj 
	r ɔ d͡z a j 
	r ɔ d z a j
rodzaju 
	r ɔ d͡z a j u 
	r ɔ d z a j u
rodzaju 
	r ɔ d͡z a j u 
	r ɔ d z a j u
rodzaju 
	r ɔ d͡z a j u 
	r ɔ d z a j u
rodzicach 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s a x 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s a x
rodzicami 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s a mʲ i 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s a mʲ i
rodzica 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s a 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s a
rodzica 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s a 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s a
rodzicem 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s ɛ m 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s ɛ m
rodzice 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s ɛ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s ɛ
rodzice 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s ɛ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s ɛ
rodzic 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s
rodzicom 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s ɔ m 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s ɔ m
rodzicowi 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s ɔ vʲ i 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s ɔ vʲ i
rodziców 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s u f 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s u v
rodziców 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s u f 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s u v
rodzicu 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s u 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s u
rodzicu 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡s u 
	r ɔ d ʑ i t͡s u
rodziną 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɔ̃ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i n ɔ̃
rodzina 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i n a 
	r ɔ d ʑ i n a
rodzinie 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i ɲ i ɛ
rodzinie 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i ɲ i ɛ
rodzino 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɔ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i n ɔ
rodziny 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɨ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i n ɨ
rodziny 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɨ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i n ɨ
rodziny 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɨ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i n ɨ
rodziny 
	r ɔ d͡ʑ i n ɨ 
	r ɔ d ʑ i n ɨ
rodzynek 
	r ɔ d͡z ɨ n ɛ k 
	r ɔ d z ɨ n ɛ k
rodzynek 
	r ɔ d͡z ɨ n ɛ k 
	r ɔ d z ɨ n ɛ k
rodzynka 
	r ɔ d͡z ɨ n k a 
	r ɔ d z ɨ n k a
rodzynek 
	r ɔ d͡z ɨ n ɛ k 
	r ɔ d z ɨ n ɛ k
rodzynka 
	r ɔ d͡z ɨ n k a 
	r ɔ d z ɨ n k a
rogalik 
	r ɔ ɡ a lʲ i k 
	r ɔ g a lʲ i k
rogalik 
	r ɔ ɡ a lʲ i k 
	r ɔ g a lʲ i k
rogalach 
	r ɔ ɡ a l a x 
	r ɔ g a l a x
rogalami 
	r ɔ ɡ a l a mʲ i 
	r ɔ g a l a mʲ i
rogala 
	r ɔ ɡ a l a 
	r ɔ g a l a
rogalem 
	r ɔ ɡ a l ɛ m 
	r ɔ g a l ɛ m
rogale 
	r ɔ ɡ a l ɛ 
	r ɔ g a l ɛ
rogale 
	r ɔ ɡ a l ɛ 
	r ɔ g a l ɛ
rogale 
	r ɔ ɡ a l ɛ 
	r ɔ g a l ɛ
rogali 
	r ɔ ɡ a lʲ i 
	r ɔ g a lʲ i
rogal 
	r ɔ ɡ a l 
	r ɔ g a l
rogal 
	r ɔ ɡ a l 
	r ɔ g a l
rogalom 
	r ɔ ɡ a l ɔ m 
	r ɔ g a l ɔ m
rogalowi 
	r ɔ ɡ a l ɔ vʲ i 
	r ɔ g a l ɔ vʲ i
rogalu 
	r ɔ ɡ a l u 
	r ɔ g a l u
rogalu 
	r ɔ ɡ a l u 
	r ɔ g a l u
rogówka 
	r ɔ ɡ u f k a 
	r ɔ g u v k a
rogach 
	r ɔ ɡ a x 
	r ɔ g a x
rogami 
	r ɔ ɡ a mʲ i 
	r ɔ g a mʲ i
rogiem 
	r ɔ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	r ɔ gʲ i ɛ m
rogi 
	r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	r ɔ gʲ i
rogi 
	r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	r ɔ gʲ i
rogi 
	r ɔ ɡʲ i 
	r ɔ gʲ i
rogom 
	r ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	r ɔ g ɔ m
rogowi 
	r ɔ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	r ɔ g ɔ vʲ i
rogów 
	r ɔ ɡ u f 
	r ɔ g u v
rogu 
	r ɔ ɡ u 
	r ɔ g u
rogu 
	r ɔ ɡ u 
	r ɔ g u
rogu 
	r ɔ ɡ u 
	r ɔ g u
rojów 
	r ɔ j u f 
	r ɔ j u v
rokitniczką 
	r ɔ kʲ i t ɲ i t͡ʂ k ɔ̃ 
	r ɔ kʲ i d ɲ i t͡ʂ k ɔ̃
rokitniczka 
	r ɔ kʲ i t ɲ i t͡ʂ k a 
	r ɔ kʲ i d ɲ i t͡ʂ k a
romboedr 
	r ɔ m b ɔ ɛ d r 
	r ɔ m b ɔ ɛ t r
romboedr 
	r ɔ m b ɔ ɛ d r 
	r ɔ m b ɔ ɛ t r
rombościan 
	r ɔ m b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	r ɔ m b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
rombościan 
	r ɔ m b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	r ɔ m b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
ropę 
	r ɔ p ɛ 
	r ɔ p ɛ~
ropie 
	r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
ropie 
	r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
rosę 
	r ɔ s ɛ 
	r ɔ s ɛ~
rosie 
	r ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	r ɔ ɕ i ɛ
rosie 
	r ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	r ɔ ɕ i ɛ
roślina 
	r ɔ ɕ lʲ i n a 
	r ɔ ʑ lʲ i n a
roślinka 
	r ɔ ɕ lʲ i n k a 
	r ɔ ʑ lʲ i n k a
roślinożerca 
	r ɔ ɕ lʲ i n ɔ ʐ ɛ r t͡s a 
	r ɔ ʑ lʲ i n ɔ ʐ ɛ r t͡s a
rosołów 
	r ɔ s ɔ w u f 
	r ɔ s ɔ w u v
rówieśnik 
	r u vʲ ɛ ɕ ɲ i k 
	r u vʲ i ɛ ʑ ɲ i k
równanie 
	r u v n a ɲ ɛ 
	r u v n a ɲ i ɛ
równanie 
	r u v n a ɲ ɛ 
	r u v n a ɲ i ɛ
równanie 
	r u v n a ɲ ɛ 
	r u v n a ɲ i ɛ
równoległobok 
	r u v n ɔ l ɛ ɡ w ɔ b ɔ k 
	r u v n ɔ l ɛ g w ɔ b ɔ k
równoległobok 
	r u v n ɔ l ɛ ɡ w ɔ b ɔ k 
	r u v n ɔ l ɛ g w ɔ b ɔ k
równoległościan 
	r u v n ɔ l ɛ ɡ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	r u v n ɔ l ɛ g w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
równoległościan 
	r u v n ɔ l ɛ ɡ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	r u v n ɔ l ɛ g w ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
równość 
	r u v n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r u v n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
równość 
	r u v n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r u v n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
różaniec 
	r u ʐ a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	r u ʐ a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
różaniec 
	r u ʐ a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	r u ʐ a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
różę 
	r u ʐ ɛ 
	r u ʐ ɛ~
rozbieranie 
	r ɔ z bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
rozbieranie 
	r ɔ z bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
rozbieranie 
	r ɔ z bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
rozbieżność 
	r ɔ z bʲ ɛ ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r ɔ z bʲ i ɛ ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
rozbieżność 
	r ɔ z bʲ ɛ ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r ɔ z bʲ i ɛ ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
rozchodniak 
	r ɔ s x ɔ d ɲ a k 
	r ɔ z x ɔ d ɲ i a k
rozczarowanie 
	r ɔ s t͡ʂ a r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s t͡ʂ a r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rozczarowanie 
	r ɔ s t͡ʂ a r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s t͡ʂ a r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rozczarowanie 
	r ɔ s t͡ʂ a r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s t͡ʂ a r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rozdział 
	r ɔ ʑ d͡ʑ a w 
	r ɔ z d ʑ i a w
rozdział 
	r ɔ ʑ d͡ʑ a w 
	r ɔ z d ʑ i a w
różdżka 
	r u ʂ t͡ʂ k a 
	r u ʐ d ʂ k a
rożeniec 
	r ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	r ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
rozgałęźnik 
	r ɔ z ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ ɲ i k 
	r ɔ z g a w ɛ~ʑ ɲ i k
rozgałęźnik 
	r ɔ z ɡ a w ɛ̃ ʑ ɲ i k 
	r ɔ z g a w ɛ~ʑ ɲ i k
rózgą 
	r u z ɡ ɔ̃ 
	r u z g ɔ̃
rózga 
	r u z ɡ a 
	r u z g a
rozgwiazda 
	r ɔ z ɡ vʲ a z d a 
	r ɔ z g vʲ i a z d a
rozmaitość 
	r ɔ z m a i t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r ɔ z m a i t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
rozmaitość 
	r ɔ z m a i t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	r ɔ z m a i t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
rozmawianie 
	r ɔ z m a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z m a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
rozmawianie 
	r ɔ z m a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z m a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
rozmawianie 
	r ɔ z m a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z m a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
rozmiar 
	r ɔ z mʲ a r 
	r ɔ z mʲ i a r
rozmiar 
	r ɔ z mʲ a r 
	r ɔ z mʲ i a r
rozmowę 
	r ɔ z m ɔ v ɛ 
	r ɔ z m ɔ v ɛ~
rozmów 
	r ɔ z m u f 
	r ɔ z m u v
różniczkowanie 
	r u ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r u ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
różniczkowanie 
	r u ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r u ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
różniczkowanie 
	r u ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r u ʐ ɲ i t͡ʂ k ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rozpaczanie 
	r ɔ s p a t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s p a t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
rozpaczanie 
	r ɔ s p a t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s p a t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
rozpaczanie 
	r ɔ s p a t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s p a t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
rozpierducha 
	r ɔ s pʲ ɛ r d u x a 
	r ɔ s pʲ i ɛ r d u x a
rozruch 
	r ɔ z r u x 
	r ɔ s r u x
rozruch 
	r ɔ z r u x 
	r ɔ s r u x
rozrusznik 
	r ɔ z r u ʂ ɲ i k 
	r ɔ s r u ʐ ɲ i k
rozrusznik 
	r ɔ z r u ʂ ɲ i k 
	r ɔ s r u ʐ ɲ i k
rozrywce 
	r ɔ z r ɨ f t͡s ɛ 
	r ɔ s r ɨ v t͡s ɛ
rozrywce 
	r ɔ z r ɨ f t͡s ɛ 
	r ɔ s r ɨ v t͡s ɛ
rozrywką 
	r ɔ z r ɨ f k ɔ̃ 
	r ɔ s r ɨ v k ɔ̃
rozrywka 
	r ɔ z r ɨ f k a 
	r ɔ s r ɨ v k a
rozrywki 
	r ɔ z r ɨ f kʲ i 
	r ɔ s r ɨ v kʲ i
rozrywki 
	r ɔ z r ɨ f kʲ i 
	r ɔ s r ɨ v kʲ i
rozrywki 
	r ɔ z r ɨ f kʲ i 
	r ɔ s r ɨ v kʲ i
rozrywki 
	r ɔ z r ɨ f kʲ i 
	r ɔ s r ɨ v kʲ i
rozsądek 
	r ɔ s s ɔ n d ɛ k 
	r ɔ s s ɔ̃ d ɛ k
rozsądek 
	r ɔ s s ɔ n d ɛ k 
	r ɔ s s ɔ̃ d ɛ k
rozsadzanie 
	r ɔ s s a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s s a d z a ɲ i ɛ
rozsadzanie 
	r ɔ s s a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s s a d z a ɲ i ɛ
rozsadzanie 
	r ɔ s s a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s s a d z a ɲ i ɛ
rozstęp 
	r ɔ s s t ɛ m p 
	r ɔ s s t ɛ~p
rozstęp 
	r ɔ s s t ɛ m p 
	r ɔ s s t ɛ~p
rozszczepienie 
	r ɔ s ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
rozszczepienie 
	r ɔ s ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
rozszczepienie 
	r ɔ s ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ s ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
roztwór 
	r ɔ s t f u r 
	r ɔ s d v u r
roztwór 
	r ɔ s t f u r 
	r ɔ s d v u r
rozumie 
	r ɔ z u mʲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z u mʲ i ɛ
rozumie 
	r ɔ z u mʲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z u mʲ i ɛ
rozważanie 
	r ɔ z v a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z v a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
rozważanie 
	r ɔ z v a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z v a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
rozważanie 
	r ɔ z v a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z v a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
rozwiązanie 
	r ɔ z vʲ ɔ̃ z a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z vʲ i ɔ̃ z a ɲ i ɛ
rozwiązanie 
	r ɔ z vʲ ɔ̃ z a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z vʲ i ɔ̃ z a ɲ i ɛ
rozwiązanie 
	r ɔ z vʲ ɔ̃ z a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z vʲ i ɔ̃ z a ɲ i ɛ
rozwidlenie 
	r ɔ z vʲ i d l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z vʲ i d l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
rozwidlenie 
	r ɔ z vʲ i d l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z vʲ i d l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
rozwidlenie 
	r ɔ z vʲ i d l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	r ɔ z vʲ i d l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
rtęć 
	r t ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	r t ɛ~t͡ʂ
rtęć 
	r t ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	r t ɛ~t͡ʂ
ruchów 
	r u x u f 
	r u x u v
rudę 
	r u d ɛ 
	r u d ɛ~
rudzie 
	r u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	r u d ʑ i ɛ
rudzie 
	r u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	r u d ʑ i ɛ
rudzik 
	r u d͡ʑ i k 
	r u d ʑ i k
rumianek 
	r u mʲ a n ɛ k 
	r u mʲ i a n ɛ k
rumianek 
	r u mʲ a n ɛ k 
	r u mʲ i a n ɛ k
rumie 
	r u mʲ ɛ 
	r u mʲ i ɛ
rumie 
	r u mʲ ɛ 
	r u mʲ i ɛ
rumów 
	r u m u f 
	r u m u v
rundę 
	r u n d ɛ 
	r u n d ɛ~
rundzie 
	r u n d͡ʑ ɛ 
	r u n d ʑ i ɛ
rundzie 
	r u n d͡ʑ ɛ 
	r u n d ʑ i ɛ
runie 
	r u ɲ ɛ 
	r u ɲ i ɛ
rurociąg 
	r u r ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	r u r ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
rurociąg 
	r u r ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	r u r ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
rybę 
	r ɨ b ɛ 
	r ɨ b ɛ~
rybie 
	r ɨ bʲ ɛ 
	r ɨ bʲ i ɛ
rybie 
	r ɨ bʲ ɛ 
	r ɨ bʲ i ɛ
rybitwa 
	r ɨ bʲ i t f a 
	r ɨ bʲ i d v a
rybkę 
	r ɨ p k ɛ 
	r ɨ p k ɛ~
rybołów 
	r ɨ b ɔ w u f 
	r ɨ b ɔ w u v
rycina 
	r ɨ t͡ɕ i n a 
	r ɨ t͡sʲ i n a
rydz 
	r ɨ t͡s 
	r ɨ t s
ryjówka 
	r ɨ j u f k a 
	r ɨ j u v k a
ryjów 
	r ɨ j u f 
	r ɨ j u v
rykiem 
	r ɨ kʲ ɛ m 
	r ɨ kʲ i ɛ m
ryków 
	r ɨ k u f 
	r ɨ k u v
rysowanie 
	r ɨ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɨ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rysowanie 
	r ɨ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɨ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rysowanie 
	r ɨ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	r ɨ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
rysiach 
	r ɨ ɕ a x 
	r ɨ ɕ i a x
rysiami 
	r ɨ ɕ a mʲ i 
	r ɨ ɕ i a mʲ i
rysia 
	r ɨ ɕ a 
	r ɨ ɕ i a
rysia 
	r ɨ ɕ a 
	r ɨ ɕ i a
rysiem 
	r ɨ ɕ ɛ m 
	r ɨ ɕ i ɛ m
rysie 
	r ɨ ɕ ɛ 
	r ɨ ɕ i ɛ
rysie 
	r ɨ ɕ ɛ 
	r ɨ ɕ i ɛ
rysie 
	r ɨ ɕ ɛ 
	r ɨ ɕ i ɛ
rysiom 
	r ɨ ɕ ɔ m 
	r ɨ ɕ i ɔ m
rysiowi 
	r ɨ ɕ ɔ vʲ i 
	r ɨ ɕ i ɔ vʲ i
rysiu 
	r ɨ ɕ u 
	r ɨ ɕ i u
rysiu 
	r ɨ ɕ u 
	r ɨ ɕ i u
rytm 
	r ɨ t m 
	r ɨ d m
rytm 
	r ɨ t m 
	r ɨ d m
rzecznik 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	ʐ ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
rzeczoznawca 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ z n a f t͡s a 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ z n a v t͡s a
rzeczywistości 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
rzeczywistości 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
rzeczywistości 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
rzeczywistości 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
rzeczywistości 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
rzeczywistości 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
rzeczywistości 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
rzeczywistości 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
rzeczywistość 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
rzeczywistość 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ ɨ vʲ i s t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
rzekę 
	ʐ ɛ k ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ k ɛ~
rzemień 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ
rzemień 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ
rzemieślnik 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ ɛ ɕ l ɲ i k 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ ʑ l ɲ i k
rzemiosło 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ ɔ s w ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɔ s w ɔ
rzemiosło 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ ɔ s w ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɔ s w ɔ
rzemiosło 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ ɔ s w ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɔ s w ɔ
rzepie 
	ʐ ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ pʲ i ɛ
rzepie 
	ʐ ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ pʲ i ɛ
rzęsa 
	ʐ ɛ̃ s a 
	ʐ ɛ~s a
rzeżączka 
	ʐ ɛ ʐ ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	ʐ ɛ ʐ ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
rzeźbiarka 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ a r k a 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ i a r k a
rzeźbiarstwo 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ a r s t f ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ i a r s d v ɔ
rzeźbiarstwo 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ a r s t f ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ i a r s d v ɔ
rzeźbiarstwo 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ a r s t f ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ i a r s d v ɔ
rzeźbiarz 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ a ʂ 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ bʲ i a ʂ
rzeźnia 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ a 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i a
rzezią 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ ɔ̃ 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ i ɔ̃
rzezie 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ i ɛ
rzezie 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ i ɛ
rzezie 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ ʑ i ɛ
rzodkiewka 
	ʐ ɔ t kʲ ɛ f k a 
	ʐ ɔ t kʲ i ɛ v k a
rzodkiew 
	ʐ ɔ t kʲ ɛ f 
	ʐ ɔ t kʲ i ɛ v
rzodkiew 
	ʐ ɔ t kʲ ɛ f 
	ʐ ɔ t kʲ i ɛ v
rzutnik 
	ʐ u t ɲ i k 
	ʐ u d ɲ i k
rzutnik 
	ʐ u t ɲ i k 
	ʐ u d ɲ i k
rzygacz 
	ʐ ɨ ɡ a t͡ʂ 
	ʐ ɨ g a t͡ʂ
rzygacz 
	ʐ ɨ ɡ a t͡ʂ 
	ʐ ɨ g a t͡ʂ
rzyganie 
	ʐ ɨ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ g a ɲ i ɛ
rzyganie 
	ʐ ɨ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ g a ɲ i ɛ
rzyganie 
	ʐ ɨ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ g a ɲ i ɛ
rzygi 
	ʐ ɨ ɡʲ i 
	ʐ ɨ gʲ i
rzygi 
	ʐ ɨ ɡʲ i 
	ʐ ɨ gʲ i
rzygi 
	ʐ ɨ ɡʲ i 
	ʐ ɨ gʲ i
sabotowania 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ a 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i a
sabotowaniem 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ m 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ m
sabotowanie 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
sabotowanie 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
sabotowanie 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
sabotowaniu 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ u 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i u
sabotowaniu 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ u 
	s a b ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i u
sądach 
	s ɔ n d a x 
	s ɔ̃ d a x
sądami 
	s ɔ n d a mʲ i 
	s ɔ̃ d a mʲ i
sądem 
	s ɔ n d ɛ m 
	s ɔ̃ d ɛ m
sąd 
	s ɔ n t 
	s ɔ̃ t
sąd 
	s ɔ n t 
	s ɔ̃ t
sądom 
	s ɔ n d ɔ m 
	s ɔ̃ d ɔ m
sądowi 
	s ɔ n d ɔ vʲ i 
	s ɔ̃ d ɔ vʲ i
sadów 
	s a d u f 
	s a d u v
sądów 
	s ɔ n d u f 
	s ɔ̃ d u v
sądu 
	s ɔ n d u 
	s ɔ̃ d u
sądy 
	s ɔ n d ɨ 
	s ɔ̃ d ɨ
sądy 
	s ɔ n d ɨ 
	s ɔ̃ d ɨ
sądy 
	s ɔ n d ɨ 
	s ɔ̃ d ɨ
sadzie 
	s a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s a d ʑ i ɛ
sądzie 
	s ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
sadzie 
	s a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s a d ʑ i ɛ
sądzie 
	s ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
sadzach 
	s a d͡z a x 
	s a d z a x
sadzami 
	s a d͡z a mʲ i 
	s a d z a mʲ i
sadzą 
	s a d͡z ɔ̃ 
	s a d z ɔ̃
sadza 
	s a d͡z a 
	s a d z a
sadze 
	s a d͡z ɛ 
	s a d z ɛ
sadzę 
	s a d͡z ɛ 
	s a d z ɛ~
sadze 
	s a d͡z ɛ 
	s a d z ɛ
sadze 
	s a d͡z ɛ 
	s a d z ɛ
sadzom 
	s a d͡z ɔ m 
	s a d z ɔ m
sadzo 
	s a d͡z ɔ 
	s a d z ɔ
sadzy 
	s a d͡z ɨ 
	s a d z ɨ
sadzy 
	s a d͡z ɨ 
	s a d z ɨ
sadzy 
	s a d͡z ɨ 
	s a d z ɨ
sadzy 
	s a d͡z ɨ 
	s a d z ɨ
sadziec 
	s a d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s 
	s a d ʑ i ɛ t͡s
sadziec 
	s a d͡ʑ ɛ t͡s 
	s a d ʑ i ɛ t͡s
sadzonka 
	s a d͡z ɔ n k a 
	s a d z ɔ n k a
sąg 
	s ɔ ŋ k 
	s ɔ̃ k
sąg 
	s ɔ ŋ k 
	s ɔ̃ k
sajgonka 
	s a j ɡ ɔ n k a 
	s a j g ɔ n k a
sajgon 
	s a j ɡ ɔ n 
	s a j g ɔ n
sajgon 
	s a j ɡ ɔ n 
	s a j g ɔ n
salamandra 
	s a l a m a n d r a 
	s a l a m a n t r a
samicę 
	s a mʲ i t͡s ɛ 
	s a mʲ i t͡s ɛ~
samców 
	s a m t͡s u f 
	s a m t͡s u v
samiec 
	s a mʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s a mʲ i ɛ t͡s
samobójstwo 
	s a m ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	s a m ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
samobójstwo 
	s a m ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	s a m ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
samobójstwo 
	s a m ɔ b u j s t f ɔ 
	s a m ɔ b u j s d v ɔ
samochodzie 
	s a m ɔ x ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s a m ɔ x ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
samochodzie 
	s a m ɔ x ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s a m ɔ x ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
samogłoska 
	s a m ɔ ɡ w ɔ s k a 
	s a m ɔ g w ɔ s k a
samogon 
	s a m ɔ ɡ ɔ n 
	s a m ɔ g ɔ n
samogon 
	s a m ɔ ɡ ɔ n 
	s a m ɔ g ɔ n
samolocie 
	s a m ɔ l ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s a m ɔ l ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
samolocie 
	s a m ɔ l ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s a m ɔ l ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
samotnik 
	s a m ɔ t ɲ i k 
	s a m ɔ d ɲ i k
samotność 
	s a m ɔ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s a m ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
samotność 
	s a m ɔ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s a m ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
samozaoranie 
	s a m ɔ z a ɔ r a ɲ ɛ 
	s a m ɔ z a ɔ r a ɲ i ɛ
samozaoranie 
	s a m ɔ z a ɔ r a ɲ ɛ 
	s a m ɔ z a ɔ r a ɲ i ɛ
samozaoranie 
	s a m ɔ z a ɔ r a ɲ ɛ 
	s a m ɔ z a ɔ r a ɲ i ɛ
sanitariusz 
	s a ɲ i t a rʲ j u ʂ 
	s a ɲ i t a rʲ i u ʂ
sarkofagi 
	s a r k ɔ f a ɡʲ i 
	s a r k ɔ f a gʲ i
sarkofagi 
	s a r k ɔ f a ɡʲ i 
	s a r k ɔ f a gʲ i
sarkofagi 
	s a r k ɔ f a ɡʲ i 
	s a r k ɔ f a gʲ i
sarnę 
	s a r n ɛ 
	s a r n ɛ~
sarnie 
	s a r ɲ ɛ 
	s a r ɲ i ɛ
sarnie 
	s a r ɲ ɛ 
	s a r ɲ i ɛ
sąsiadka 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ a t k a 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ i a t k a
sąsiada 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ a d a 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ i a d a
sąsiada 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ a d a 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ i a d a
sąsiad 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ a t 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ i a t
sąsiedztwo 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ ɛ t͡s t f ɔ 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ i ɛ d s d v ɔ
sąsiedztwo 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ ɛ t͡s t f ɔ 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ i ɛ d s d v ɔ
sąsiedztwo 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ ɛ t͡s t f ɔ 
	s ɔ̃ ɕ i ɛ d s d v ɔ
satrapia 
	s a t r a pʲ a 
	s a t r a pʲ i a
sauna 
	s a w n a 
	s a u n a
scenariusz 
	s t͡s ɛ n a rʲ j u ʂ 
	s t͡s ɛ n a rʲ i u ʂ
scenariusz 
	s t͡s ɛ n a rʲ j u ʂ 
	s t͡s ɛ n a rʲ i u ʂ
scenę 
	s t͡s ɛ n ɛ 
	s t͡s ɛ n ɛ~
scenie 
	s t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
scenie 
	s t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
schizma 
	s xʲ i z m a 
	z xʲ i z m a
schizofrenia 
	s xʲ i z ɔ f r ɛ ɲ a 
	z xʲ i z ɔ f r ɛ ɲ i a
schlebianie 
	s x l ɛ bʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z x l ɛ bʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
schlebianie 
	s x l ɛ bʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z x l ɛ bʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
schlebianie 
	s x l ɛ bʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z x l ɛ bʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
schorzenie 
	s x ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z x ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
schorzenie 
	s x ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z x ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
schorzenie 
	s x ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z x ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
schowek 
	s x ɔ v ɛ k 
	z x ɔ v ɛ k
schowek 
	s x ɔ v ɛ k 
	z x ɔ v ɛ k
schronienie 
	s x r ɔ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z x r ɔ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
schronienie 
	s x r ɔ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z x r ɔ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
schronienie 
	s x r ɔ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z x r ɔ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ściąganie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g a ɲ i ɛ
ściąganie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g a ɲ i ɛ
ściąganie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g a ɲ i ɛ
ściąga 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ ɡ a 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ g a
ściąg 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
ścianach 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n a x 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n a x
ścianami 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n a mʲ i 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n a mʲ i
ścianą 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n ɔ̃ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n ɔ̃
ściana 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n a 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n a
ścianę 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n ɛ~
ścianie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
ścianie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
ścian 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
ścianom 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n ɔ m 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n ɔ m
ściano 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n ɔ
ściany 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n ɨ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n ɨ
ściany 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n ɨ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n ɨ
ściany 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n ɨ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n ɨ
ściany 
	ɕ t͡ɕ a n ɨ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i a n ɨ
ścięgien 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ n 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~gʲ i ɛ n
ścięgna 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n a 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n a
ścięgna 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n a 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n a
ścięgna 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n a 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n a
ścięgna 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n a 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n a
ścięgnem 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n ɛ m 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n ɛ m
ścięgnie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g ɲ i ɛ
ścięgno 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n ɔ
ścięgno 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n ɔ
ścięgno 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n ɔ
ścięgnu 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ŋ ɡ n u 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ~g n u
ścieg 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ k 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ k
ścieg 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ k 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ k
ściema 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ m a 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ m a
ścieranie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
ścieranie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
ścieranie 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
ściernisko 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ i s k ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i s k ɔ
ściernisko 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ i s k ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i s k ɔ
ściernisko 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r ɲ i s k ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r ɲ i s k ɔ
ścierwo 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r v ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r v ɔ
ścierwo 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r v ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r v ɔ
ścierwo 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ r v ɔ 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ r v ɔ
ścieżka 
	ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ ʂ k a 
	ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ ʂ k a
seaborg 
	s ɨ b ɔ r k 
	s ɛ a b ɔ r k
seaborg 
	s ɨ b ɔ r k 
	s ɛ a b ɔ r k
sędzina 
	s ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i n a 
	s ɛ~d ʑ i n a
sejsmograf 
	s ɛ j s m ɔ ɡ r a f 
	s ɛ j z m ɔ k r a f
sejsmograf 
	s ɛ j s m ɔ ɡ r a f 
	s ɛ j z m ɔ k r a f
sejsmometr 
	s ɛ j s m ɔ m ɛ t r 
	s ɛ j z m ɔ m ɛ t r
sejsmometr 
	s ɛ j s m ɔ m ɛ t r 
	s ɛ j z m ɔ m ɛ t r
sękach 
	s ɛ ŋ k a x 
	s ɛ~k a x
sękami 
	s ɛ ŋ k a mʲ i 
	s ɛ~k a mʲ i
sękiem 
	s ɛ ŋ kʲ ɛ m 
	s ɛ~kʲ i ɛ m
sęki 
	s ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	s ɛ~kʲ i
sęki 
	s ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	s ɛ~kʲ i
sęki 
	s ɛ ŋ kʲ i 
	s ɛ~kʲ i
sęk 
	s ɛ ŋ k 
	s ɛ~k
sęk 
	s ɛ ŋ k 
	s ɛ~k
sękom 
	s ɛ ŋ k ɔ m 
	s ɛ~k ɔ m
sękowi 
	s ɛ ŋ k ɔ vʲ i 
	s ɛ~k ɔ vʲ i
sęków 
	s ɛ ŋ k u f 
	s ɛ~k u v
sęku 
	s ɛ ŋ k u 
	s ɛ~k u
sęku 
	s ɛ ŋ k u 
	s ɛ~k u
sęku 
	s ɛ ŋ k u 
	s ɛ~k u
seksualność 
	s ɛ k s u a l n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s ɛ k s u a l n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
seksualność 
	s ɛ k s u a l n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s ɛ k s u a l n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
seksuologia 
	s ɛ k s u ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	s ɛ k s u ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
sekundę 
	s ɛ k u n d ɛ 
	s ɛ k u n d ɛ~
seminarium 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ j u m 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ i u m
seminarium 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ j u m 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ i u m
seminarium 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ j u m 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ i u m
seminarium 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ j u m 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ i u m
seminarium 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ j u m 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ i u m
seminarium 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ j u m 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ i u m
seminarium 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ j u m 
	s ɛ mʲ i n a rʲ i u m
seniora 
	s ɛ ɲ ɔ r a 
	s ɛ ɲ i ɔ r a
seniora 
	s ɛ ɲ ɔ r a 
	s ɛ ɲ i ɔ r a
seniorem 
	s ɛ ɲ ɔ r ɛ m 
	s ɛ ɲ i ɔ r ɛ m
senior 
	s ɛ ɲ ɔ r 
	s ɛ ɲ i ɔ r
sensie 
	s ɛ n ɕ ɛ 
	s ɛ n ɕ i ɛ
sensie 
	s ɛ n ɕ ɛ 
	s ɛ n ɕ i ɛ
sępach 
	s ɛ m p a x 
	s ɛ~p a x
sępami 
	s ɛ m p a mʲ i 
	s ɛ~p a mʲ i
sępa 
	s ɛ m p a 
	s ɛ~p a
sępa 
	s ɛ m p a 
	s ɛ~p a
sępem 
	s ɛ m p ɛ m 
	s ɛ~p ɛ m
sępie 
	s ɛ m pʲ ɛ 
	s ɛ~pʲ i ɛ
sępie 
	s ɛ m pʲ ɛ 
	s ɛ~pʲ i ɛ
sęp 
	s ɛ m p 
	s ɛ~p
sępom 
	s ɛ m p ɔ m 
	s ɛ~p ɔ m
sępowi 
	s ɛ m p ɔ vʲ i 
	s ɛ~p ɔ vʲ i
sępów 
	s ɛ m p u f 
	s ɛ~p u v
sępy 
	s ɛ m p ɨ 
	s ɛ~p ɨ
sępy 
	s ɛ m p ɨ 
	s ɛ~p ɨ
sępy 
	s ɛ m p ɨ 
	s ɛ~p ɨ
serów 
	s ɛ r u f 
	s ɛ r u v
serwerownia 
	s ɛ r v ɛ r ɔ v ɲ a 
	s ɛ r v ɛ r ɔ v ɲ i a
secie 
	s ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
secie 
	s ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
setę 
	s ɛ t ɛ 
	s ɛ t ɛ~
secie 
	s ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
secie 
	s ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
sforę 
	s f ɔ r ɛ 
	s f ɔ r ɛ~
shogun 
	ʂ ɔ ɡ u n 
	s x ɔ g u n
siadanie 
	ɕ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
siadanie 
	ɕ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
siadanie 
	ɕ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
siad 
	ɕ a t 
	ɕ i a t
siad 
	ɕ a t 
	ɕ i a t
sianokosy 
	ɕ a n ɔ k ɔ s ɨ 
	ɕ i a n ɔ k ɔ s ɨ
sianokosy 
	ɕ a n ɔ k ɔ s ɨ 
	ɕ i a n ɔ k ɔ s ɨ
sianokosy 
	ɕ a n ɔ k ɔ s ɨ 
	ɕ i a n ɔ k ɔ s ɨ
siarczan 
	ɕ a r t͡ʂ a n 
	ɕ i a r t͡ʂ a n
siarczan 
	ɕ a r t͡ʂ a n 
	ɕ i a r t͡ʂ a n
siarczek 
	ɕ a r t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	ɕ i a r t͡ʂ ɛ k
siarczek 
	ɕ a r t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	ɕ i a r t͡ʂ ɛ k
siarczyn 
	ɕ a r t͡ʂ ɨ n 
	ɕ i a r t͡ʂ ɨ n
siarczyn 
	ɕ a r t͡ʂ ɨ n 
	ɕ i a r t͡ʂ ɨ n
siarce 
	ɕ a r t͡s ɛ 
	ɕ i a r t͡s ɛ
siarce 
	ɕ a r t͡s ɛ 
	ɕ i a r t͡s ɛ
siarką 
	ɕ a r k ɔ̃ 
	ɕ i a r k ɔ̃
siarka 
	ɕ a r k a 
	ɕ i a r k a
siarkę 
	ɕ a r k ɛ 
	ɕ i a r k ɛ~
siarki 
	ɕ a r kʲ i 
	ɕ i a r kʲ i
siarko 
	ɕ a r k ɔ 
	ɕ i a r k ɔ
siatka 
	ɕ a t k a 
	ɕ i a t k a
siatkówka 
	ɕ a t k u f k a 
	ɕ i a t k u v k a
sieciach 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ a x 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i a x
sieciami 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
siecią 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
sieci 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
sieci 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
sieci 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
sieci 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
sieci 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
sieci 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
sieci 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
sieci 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
sieciom 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
sieć 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡ʂ
sieć 
	ɕ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	ɕ i ɛ t͡ʂ
siedmiokąt 
	ɕ ɛ d mʲ ɔ k ɔ n t 
	ɕ i ɛ d mʲ i ɔ k ɔ̃ t
siedmiokąt 
	ɕ ɛ d mʲ ɔ k ɔ n t 
	ɕ i ɛ d mʲ i ɔ k ɔ̃ t
siedzenie 
	ɕ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
siedzenie 
	ɕ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
siedzenie 
	ɕ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
siedziba 
	ɕ ɛ d͡ʑ i b a 
	ɕ i ɛ d ʑ i b a
siejba 
	ɕ ɛ j b a 
	ɕ i ɛ j b a
siekacz 
	ɕ ɛ k a t͡ʂ 
	ɕ i ɛ k a t͡ʂ
siekacz 
	ɕ ɛ k a t͡ʂ 
	ɕ i ɛ k a t͡ʂ
siekiera 
	ɕ ɛ kʲ ɛ r a 
	ɕ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ r a
siekier 
	ɕ ɛ kʲ ɛ r 
	ɕ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ r
siekiery 
	ɕ ɛ kʲ ɛ r ɨ 
	ɕ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ r ɨ
siekiery 
	ɕ ɛ kʲ ɛ r ɨ 
	ɕ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ r ɨ
siekiery 
	ɕ ɛ kʲ ɛ r ɨ 
	ɕ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ r ɨ
siekiery 
	ɕ ɛ kʲ ɛ r ɨ 
	ɕ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ r ɨ
siekierze 
	ɕ ɛ kʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ
siekierze 
	ɕ ɛ kʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ
siemens 
	s i m ɛ̃ s 
	ɕ i ɛ m ɛ n s
siemens 
	s i m ɛ̃ s 
	ɕ i ɛ m ɛ n s
siemię 
	ɕ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
siemię 
	ɕ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
siemię 
	ɕ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
siemion 
	ɕ ɛ mʲ ɔ n 
	ɕ i ɛ mʲ i ɔ n
sierota 
	ɕ ɛ r ɔ t a 
	ɕ i ɛ r ɔ t a
sierpień 
	ɕ ɛ r pʲ ɛ ɲ 
	ɕ i ɛ r pʲ i ɛ ɲ
sierpień 
	ɕ ɛ r pʲ ɛ ɲ 
	ɕ i ɛ r pʲ i ɛ ɲ
sierpniach 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ a x 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i a x
sierpniami 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ a mʲ i 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i a mʲ i
sierpnia 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ a 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i a
sierpniem 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ ɛ m 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i ɛ m
sierpnie 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i ɛ
sierpnie 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i ɛ
sierpnie 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i ɛ
sierpni 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ i 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i
sierpniom 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ ɔ m 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i ɔ m
sierpniowi 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
sierpniu 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ u 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i u
sierpniu 
	ɕ ɛ r p ɲ u 
	ɕ i ɛ r b ɲ i u
sierp 
	ɕ ɛ r p 
	ɕ i ɛ r p
sierp 
	ɕ ɛ r p 
	ɕ i ɛ r p
sierść 
	ɕ ɛ r ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɕ i ɛ r ɕ t͡ʂ
sierść 
	ɕ ɛ r ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ɕ i ɛ r ɕ t͡ʂ
siewca 
	ɕ ɛ f t͡s a 
	ɕ i ɛ v t͡s a
siewnik 
	ɕ ɛ v ɲ i k 
	ɕ i ɛ v ɲ i k
siewnik 
	ɕ ɛ v ɲ i k 
	ɕ i ɛ v ɲ i k
siew 
	ɕ ɛ f 
	ɕ i ɛ v
siew 
	ɕ ɛ f 
	ɕ i ɛ v
sikorę 
	ɕ i k ɔ r ɛ 
	ɕ i k ɔ r ɛ~
siłę 
	ɕ i w ɛ 
	ɕ i w ɛ~
silnią 
	ɕ i l ɲ ɔ̃ 
	ɕ i l ɲ i ɔ̃
silnia 
	ɕ i l ɲ a 
	ɕ i l ɲ i a
silnie 
	ɕ i l ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i l ɲ i ɛ
silnię 
	ɕ i l ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i l ɲ i ɛ~
silnie 
	ɕ i l ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i l ɲ i ɛ
silnie 
	ɕ i l ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ i l ɲ i ɛ
silnio 
	ɕ i l ɲ ɔ 
	ɕ i l ɲ i ɔ
siłownia 
	ɕ i w ɔ v ɲ a 
	ɕ i w ɔ v ɲ i a
simens 
	s i m ɛ̃ s 
	ɕ i m ɛ n s
simens 
	s i m ɛ̃ s 
	ɕ i m ɛ n s
siniak 
	ɕ i ɲ a k 
	ɕ i ɲ i a k
siniak 
	ɕ i ɲ a k 
	ɕ i ɲ i a k
sinologia 
	s i n ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	ɕ i n ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
sinus 
	s i n u s 
	ɕ i n u s
sinus 
	s i n u s 
	ɕ i n u s
siódemka 
	ɕ u d ɛ m k a 
	ɕ i u d ɛ m k a
siogun 
	ɕ ɔ ɡ u n 
	ɕ i ɔ g u n
siołach 
	ɕ ɔ w a x 
	ɕ i ɔ w a x
siołami 
	ɕ ɔ w a mʲ i 
	ɕ i ɔ w a mʲ i
sioła 
	ɕ ɔ w a 
	ɕ i ɔ w a
sioła 
	ɕ ɔ w a 
	ɕ i ɔ w a
sioła 
	ɕ ɔ w a 
	ɕ i ɔ w a
sioła 
	ɕ ɔ w a 
	ɕ i ɔ w a
siołem 
	ɕ ɔ w ɛ m 
	ɕ i ɔ w ɛ m
siole 
	ɕ ɔ l ɛ 
	ɕ i ɔ l ɛ
siołom 
	ɕ ɔ w ɔ m 
	ɕ i ɔ w ɔ m
sioło 
	ɕ ɔ w ɔ 
	ɕ i ɔ w ɔ
sioło 
	ɕ ɔ w ɔ 
	ɕ i ɔ w ɔ
sioło 
	ɕ ɔ w ɔ 
	ɕ i ɔ w ɔ
siołu 
	ɕ ɔ w u 
	ɕ i ɔ w u
siostrą 
	ɕ ɔ s t r ɔ̃ 
	ɕ i ɔ s t r ɔ̃
siostra 
	ɕ ɔ s t r a 
	ɕ i ɔ s t r a
siostrę 
	ɕ ɔ s t r ɛ 
	ɕ i ɔ s t r ɛ~
siostro 
	ɕ ɔ s t r ɔ 
	ɕ i ɔ s t r ɔ
siostry 
	ɕ ɔ s t r ɨ 
	ɕ i ɔ s t r ɨ
siostry 
	ɕ ɔ s t r ɨ 
	ɕ i ɔ s t r ɨ
siostry 
	ɕ ɔ s t r ɨ 
	ɕ i ɔ s t r ɨ
siostry 
	ɕ ɔ s t r ɨ 
	ɕ i ɔ s t r ɨ
siostrzenica 
	ɕ ɔ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ i t͡s a 
	ɕ i ɔ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ i t͡s a
siostrzeniec 
	ɕ ɔ s t ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	ɕ i ɔ s t ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
sicie 
	ɕ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ɕ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
siusiak 
	ɕ u ɕ a k 
	ɕ i u ɕ i a k
siusiak 
	ɕ u ɕ a k 
	ɕ i u ɕ i a k
siwert 
	s i v ɛ r t 
	ɕ i v ɛ r t
siwert 
	s i v ɛ r t 
	ɕ i v ɛ r t
skalę 
	s k a l ɛ 
	s k a l ɛ~
skałę 
	s k a w ɛ 
	s k a w ɛ~
skamieniałość 
	s k a mʲ ɛ ɲ a w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
skamieniałość 
	s k a mʲ ɛ ɲ a w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s k a mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
skąpiec 
	s k ɔ m pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s k ɔ̃ pʲ i ɛ t͡s
skąpstwo 
	s k ɔ m p s t f ɔ 
	s k ɔ̃ p s d v ɔ
skąpstwo 
	s k ɔ m p s t f ɔ 
	s k ɔ̃ p s d v ɔ
skąpstwo 
	s k ɔ m p s t f ɔ 
	s k ɔ̃ p s d v ɔ
skarbiec 
	s k a r bʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s k a r bʲ i ɛ t͡s
skarbiec 
	s k a r bʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s k a r bʲ i ɛ t͡s
skarbie 
	s k a r bʲ ɛ 
	s k a r bʲ i ɛ
skarbie 
	s k a r bʲ ɛ 
	s k a r bʲ i ɛ
skardze 
	s k a r d͡z ɛ 
	s k a r d z ɛ
skardze 
	s k a r d͡z ɛ 
	s k a r d z ɛ
skargą 
	s k a r ɡ ɔ̃ 
	s k a r g ɔ̃
skarga 
	s k a r ɡ a 
	s k a r g a
skargę 
	s k a r ɡ ɛ 
	s k a r g ɛ~
skargi 
	s k a r ɡʲ i 
	s k a r gʲ i
skargi 
	s k a r ɡʲ i 
	s k a r gʲ i
skargi 
	s k a r ɡʲ i 
	s k a r gʲ i
skargi 
	s k a r ɡʲ i 
	s k a r gʲ i
skargo 
	s k a r ɡ ɔ 
	s k a r g ɔ
skazaniec 
	s k a z a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	s k a z a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
skazę 
	s k a z ɛ 
	s k a z ɛ~
skazie 
	s k a ʑ ɛ 
	s k a ʑ i ɛ
skazie 
	s k a ʑ ɛ 
	s k a ʑ i ɛ
składzie 
	s k w a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s k w a d ʑ i ɛ
składzie 
	s k w a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s k w a d ʑ i ɛ
sklejka 
	s k l ɛ j k a 
	s g l ɛ j k a
sklepach 
	s k l ɛ p a x 
	s g l ɛ p a x
sklepami 
	s k l ɛ p a mʲ i 
	s g l ɛ p a mʲ i
sklepem 
	s k l ɛ p ɛ m 
	s g l ɛ p ɛ m
sklepie 
	s k l ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	s g l ɛ pʲ i ɛ
sklepie 
	s k l ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	s g l ɛ pʲ i ɛ
sklep 
	s k l ɛ p 
	s g l ɛ p
sklep 
	s k l ɛ p 
	s g l ɛ p
sklepom 
	s k l ɛ p ɔ m 
	s g l ɛ p ɔ m
sklepowi 
	s k l ɛ p ɔ vʲ i 
	s g l ɛ p ɔ vʲ i
sklepów 
	s k l ɛ p u f 
	s g l ɛ p u v
sklepu 
	s k l ɛ p u 
	s g l ɛ p u
sklepy 
	s k l ɛ p ɨ 
	s g l ɛ p ɨ
sklepy 
	s k l ɛ p ɨ 
	s g l ɛ p ɨ
sklepy 
	s k l ɛ p ɨ 
	s g l ɛ p ɨ
skłonność 
	s k w ɔ n n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s k w ɔ n n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
skłonność 
	s k w ɔ n n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s k w ɔ n n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
skokiem 
	s k ɔ kʲ ɛ m 
	s k ɔ kʲ i ɛ m
skoków 
	s k ɔ k u f 
	s k ɔ k u v
skórę 
	s k u r ɛ 
	s k u r ɛ~
skorpion 
	s k ɔ r pʲ ɔ n 
	s k ɔ r pʲ i ɔ n
skorupiak 
	s k ɔ r u pʲ a k 
	s k ɔ r u pʲ i a k
skrobią 
	s k r ɔ bʲ ɔ̃ 
	s k r ɔ bʲ i ɔ̃
skrobia 
	s k r ɔ bʲ a 
	s k r ɔ bʲ i a
skrobie 
	s k r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	s k r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
skrobię 
	s k r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	s k r ɔ bʲ i ɛ~
skrobie 
	s k r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	s k r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
skrobie 
	s k r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	s k r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
skronią 
	s k r ɔ ɲ ɔ̃ 
	s k r ɔ ɲ i ɔ̃
skronie 
	s k r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	s k r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
skronie 
	s k r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	s k r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
skronie 
	s k r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	s k r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
skrótowiec 
	s k r u t ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s k r u t ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
skrótowiec 
	s k r u t ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s k r u t ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
skrzat 
	s k ʂ a t 
	s k ʐ a t
skrzele 
	s k ʂ ɛ l ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɛ l ɛ
skrzele 
	s k ʂ ɛ l ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɛ l ɛ
skrzele 
	s k ʂ ɛ l ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɛ l ɛ
skrzydełko 
	s k ʂ ɨ d ɛ w k ɔ 
	s k ʐ ɨ d ɛ w k ɔ
skrzydełko 
	s k ʂ ɨ d ɛ w k ɔ 
	s k ʐ ɨ d ɛ w k ɔ
skrzydełko 
	s k ʂ ɨ d ɛ w k ɔ 
	s k ʐ ɨ d ɛ w k ɔ
skrzydłorzech 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w ɔ ʐ ɛ x 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w ɔ ʐ ɛ x
skrzydłorzech 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w ɔ ʐ ɛ x 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w ɔ ʐ ɛ x
skrzydeł 
	s k ʂ ɨ d ɛ w 
	s k ʐ ɨ d ɛ w
skrzydłach 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w a x 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w a x
skrzydłami 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w a mʲ i 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w a mʲ i
skrzydła 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w a 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w a
skrzydła 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w a 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w a
skrzydła 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w a 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w a
skrzydła 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w a 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w a
skrzydłem 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w ɛ m 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w ɛ m
skrzydle 
	s k ʂ ɨ d l ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɨ d l ɛ
skrzydłom 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w ɔ m 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w ɔ m
skrzydło 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w ɔ 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w ɔ
skrzydło 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w ɔ 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w ɔ
skrzydło 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w ɔ 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w ɔ
skrzydłu 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w u 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w u
skrzydłówka 
	s k ʂ ɨ d w u f k a 
	s k ʐ ɨ d w u v k a
skrzynia 
	s k ʂ ɨ ɲ a 
	s k ʐ ɨ ɲ i a
skrzynka 
	s k ʂ ɨ n k a 
	s k ʐ ɨ n k a
skrzypaczka 
	s k ʂ ɨ p a t͡ʂ k a 
	s k ʐ ɨ p a t͡ʂ k a
skrzypce 
	s k ʂ ɨ p t͡s ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɨ p t͡s ɛ
skrzypce 
	s k ʂ ɨ p t͡s ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɨ p t͡s ɛ
skrzypce 
	s k ʂ ɨ p t͡s ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɨ p t͡s ɛ
skrzypiec 
	s k ʂ ɨ pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s k ʐ ɨ pʲ i ɛ t͡s
skrzypek 
	s k ʂ ɨ p ɛ k 
	s k ʐ ɨ p ɛ k
skrzyżowanie 
	s k ʂ ɨ ʐ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɨ ʐ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
skrzyżowanie 
	s k ʂ ɨ ʐ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɨ ʐ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
skrzyżowanie 
	s k ʂ ɨ ʐ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s k ʐ ɨ ʐ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
słabości 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
słabości 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
słabości 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
słabości 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
słabości 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
słabości 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
słabości 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
słabości 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
słabość 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
słabość 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s w a b ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
śladach 
	ɕ l a d a x 
	ʑ l a d a x
śladami 
	ɕ l a d a mʲ i 
	ʑ l a d a mʲ i
śladem 
	ɕ l a d ɛ m 
	ʑ l a d ɛ m
ślad 
	ɕ l a t 
	ʑ l a t
ślad 
	ɕ l a t 
	ʑ l a t
śladom 
	ɕ l a d ɔ m 
	ʑ l a d ɔ m
śladowi 
	ɕ l a d ɔ vʲ i 
	ʑ l a d ɔ vʲ i
śladów 
	ɕ l a d u f 
	ʑ l a d u v
śladu 
	ɕ l a d u 
	ʑ l a d u
ślady 
	ɕ l a d ɨ 
	ʑ l a d ɨ
ślady 
	ɕ l a d ɨ 
	ʑ l a d ɨ
ślady 
	ɕ l a d ɨ 
	ʑ l a d ɨ
śladzie 
	ɕ l a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ʑ l a d ʑ i ɛ
śladzie 
	ɕ l a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	ʑ l a d ʑ i ɛ
sławę 
	s w a v ɛ 
	s w a v ɛ~
sławie 
	s w a vʲ ɛ 
	s w a vʲ i ɛ
sławie 
	s w a vʲ ɛ 
	s w a vʲ i ɛ
sław 
	s w a f 
	s w a v
slawista 
	s l a vʲ i s t a 
	z l a vʲ i s t a
ślazem 
	ɕ l a z ɛ m 
	ʑ l a z ɛ m
ślazie 
	ɕ l a ʑ ɛ 
	ʑ l a ʑ i ɛ
ślazie 
	ɕ l a ʑ ɛ 
	ʑ l a ʑ i ɛ
ślaz 
	ɕ l a s 
	ʑ l a s
ślaz 
	ɕ l a s 
	ʑ l a s
ślazu 
	ɕ l a z u 
	ʑ l a z u
ślazy 
	ɕ l a z ɨ 
	ʑ l a z ɨ
ślazy 
	ɕ l a z ɨ 
	ʑ l a z ɨ
ślazy 
	ɕ l a z ɨ 
	ʑ l a z ɨ
śledziennica 
	ɕ l ɛ d͡ʑ ɛ n ɲ i t͡s a 
	ʑ l ɛ d ʑ i ɛ n ɲ i t͡s a
śledziona 
	ɕ l ɛ d͡ʑ ɔ n a 
	ʑ l ɛ d ʑ i ɔ n a
ślepców 
	ɕ l ɛ p t͡s u f 
	ʑ l ɛ p t͡s u v
ślepców 
	ɕ l ɛ p t͡s u f 
	ʑ l ɛ p t͡s u v
ślepiec 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i ɛ t͡s
ślepia 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ a 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i a
ślepia 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ a 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i a
ślepia 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ a 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i a
ślepia 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ a 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i a
ślepie 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i ɛ
ślepie 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i ɛ
ślepie 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i ɛ
ślepi 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ i 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i
ślepiu 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ u 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i u
ślepiu 
	ɕ l ɛ pʲ u 
	ʑ l ɛ pʲ i u
ślepota 
	ɕ l ɛ p ɔ t a 
	ʑ l ɛ p ɔ t a
ślimacznica 
	ɕ lʲ i m a t͡ʂ ɲ i t͡s a 
	ʑ lʲ i m a d͡ʐ ɲ i t͡s a
ślimak 
	ɕ lʲ i m a k 
	ʑ lʲ i m a k
śliną 
	ɕ lʲ i n ɔ̃ 
	ʑ lʲ i n ɔ̃
ślina 
	ɕ lʲ i n a 
	ʑ lʲ i n a
ślinę 
	ɕ lʲ i n ɛ 
	ʑ lʲ i n ɛ~
ślinie 
	ɕ lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
ślinie 
	ɕ lʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ lʲ i ɲ i ɛ
ślino 
	ɕ lʲ i n ɔ 
	ʑ lʲ i n ɔ
śliny 
	ɕ lʲ i n ɨ 
	ʑ lʲ i n ɨ
śliny 
	ɕ lʲ i n ɨ 
	ʑ lʲ i n ɨ
śliny 
	ɕ lʲ i n ɨ 
	ʑ lʲ i n ɨ
śliny 
	ɕ lʲ i n ɨ 
	ʑ lʲ i n ɨ
slipy 
	s lʲ i p ɨ 
	z lʲ i p ɨ
slipy 
	s lʲ i p ɨ 
	z lʲ i p ɨ
slipy 
	s lʲ i p ɨ 
	z lʲ i p ɨ
śliwa 
	ɕ lʲ i v a 
	ʑ lʲ i v a
śliweczce 
	ɕ lʲ i v ɛ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ lʲ i v ɛ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ
śliweczce 
	ɕ lʲ i v ɛ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ lʲ i v ɛ t͡ʂ t͡s ɛ
śliweczką 
	ɕ lʲ i v ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ̃ 
	ʑ lʲ i v ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ̃
śliweczka 
	ɕ lʲ i v ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	ʑ lʲ i v ɛ t͡ʂ k a
śliwce 
	ɕ lʲ i f t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ lʲ i v t͡s ɛ
śliwce 
	ɕ lʲ i f t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ lʲ i v t͡s ɛ
śliwką 
	ɕ lʲ i f k ɔ̃ 
	ʑ lʲ i v k ɔ̃
śliwka 
	ɕ lʲ i f k a 
	ʑ lʲ i v k a
słodów 
	s w ɔ d u f 
	s w ɔ d u v
słodzie 
	s w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
słodzie 
	s w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
słojów 
	s w ɔ j u f 
	s w ɔ j u v
słomę 
	s w ɔ m ɛ 
	s w ɔ m ɛ~
słomie 
	s w ɔ mʲ ɛ 
	s w ɔ mʲ i ɛ
słomie 
	s w ɔ mʲ ɛ 
	s w ɔ mʲ i ɛ
słomkę 
	s w ɔ m k ɛ 
	s w ɔ m k ɛ~
słonecznik 
	s w ɔ n ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	s w ɔ n ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
słonecznik 
	s w ɔ n ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	s w ɔ n ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
słonicę 
	s w ɔ ɲ i t͡s ɛ 
	s w ɔ ɲ i t͡s ɛ~
słonkę 
	s w ɔ n k ɛ 
	s w ɔ n k ɛ~
słonia 
	s w ɔ ɲ a 
	s w ɔ ɲ i a
słonia 
	s w ɔ ɲ a 
	s w ɔ ɲ i a
słonie 
	s w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	s w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
słonie 
	s w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	s w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
słonie 
	s w ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	s w ɔ ɲ i ɛ
słoniowi 
	s w ɔ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	s w ɔ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
słoniu 
	s w ɔ ɲ u 
	s w ɔ ɲ i u
słoniu 
	s w ɔ ɲ u 
	s w ɔ ɲ i u
słocie 
	s w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
słocie 
	s w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
słotę 
	s w ɔ t ɛ 
	s w ɔ t ɛ~
słownictwo 
	s w ɔ v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	s w ɔ v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
słownictwo 
	s w ɔ v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	s w ɔ v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
słownictwo 
	s w ɔ v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	s w ɔ v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
śloza 
	ɕ l ɔ z a 
	ʑ l ɔ z a
ślozę 
	ɕ l ɔ z ɛ 
	ʑ l ɔ z ɛ~
ślozie 
	ɕ l ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	ʑ l ɔ ʑ i ɛ
ślozie 
	ɕ l ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	ʑ l ɔ ʑ i ɛ
ślozo 
	ɕ l ɔ z ɔ 
	ʑ l ɔ z ɔ
ślozy 
	ɕ l ɔ z ɨ 
	ʑ l ɔ z ɨ
ślozy 
	ɕ l ɔ z ɨ 
	ʑ l ɔ z ɨ
ślozy 
	ɕ l ɔ z ɨ 
	ʑ l ɔ z ɨ
ślozy 
	ɕ l ɔ z ɨ 
	ʑ l ɔ z ɨ
ślubie 
	ɕ l u bʲ ɛ 
	ʑ l u bʲ i ɛ
ślubie 
	ɕ l u bʲ ɛ 
	ʑ l u bʲ i ɛ
ślub 
	ɕ l u p 
	ʑ l u p
ślub 
	ɕ l u p 
	ʑ l u p
ślubu 
	ɕ l u b u 
	ʑ l u b u
słuchawka 
	s w u x a f k a 
	s w u x a v k a
słuchawki 
	s w u x a f kʲ i 
	s w u x a v kʲ i
słuchawki 
	s w u x a f kʲ i 
	s w u x a v kʲ i
słuchawki 
	s w u x a f kʲ i 
	s w u x a v kʲ i
słuchawki 
	s w u x a f kʲ i 
	s w u x a v kʲ i
słuchawki 
	s w u x a f kʲ i 
	s w u x a v kʲ i
słuchawki 
	s w u x a f kʲ i 
	s w u x a v kʲ i
słuchawki 
	s w u x a f kʲ i 
	s w u x a v kʲ i
słudze 
	s w u d͡z ɛ 
	s w u d z ɛ
słudze 
	s w u d͡z ɛ 
	s w u d z ɛ
sługa 
	s w u ɡ a 
	s w u g a
sługus 
	s w u ɡ u s 
	s w u g u s
slupach 
	s l u p a x 
	z l u p a x
slupami 
	s l u p a mʲ i 
	z l u p a mʲ i
slupem 
	s l u p ɛ m 
	z l u p ɛ m
slupie 
	s l u pʲ ɛ 
	z l u pʲ i ɛ
slupie 
	s l u pʲ ɛ 
	z l u pʲ i ɛ
slup 
	s l u p 
	z l u p
slup 
	s l u p 
	z l u p
slupom 
	s l u p ɔ m 
	z l u p ɔ m
slupowi 
	s l u p ɔ vʲ i 
	z l u p ɔ vʲ i
slupów 
	s l u p u f 
	z l u p u v
slupu 
	s l u p u 
	z l u p u
slupy 
	s l u p ɨ 
	z l u p ɨ
slupy 
	s l u p ɨ 
	z l u p ɨ
slupy 
	s l u p ɨ 
	z l u p ɨ
służąca 
	s w u ʐ ɔ n t͡s a 
	s w u ʐ ɔ̃ t͡s a
służąca 
	s w u ʐ ɔ n t͡s a 
	s w u ʐ ɔ̃ t͡s a
służbie 
	s w u ʐ bʲ ɛ 
	s w u ʐ bʲ i ɛ
służbie 
	s w u ʐ bʲ ɛ 
	s w u ʐ bʲ i ɛ
śluzowiec 
	ɕ l u z ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʑ l u z ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
śluzem 
	ɕ l u z ɛ m 
	ʑ l u z ɛ m
śluzie 
	ɕ l u ʑ ɛ 
	ʑ l u ʑ i ɛ
śluzie 
	ɕ l u ʑ ɛ 
	ʑ l u ʑ i ɛ
śluz 
	ɕ l u s 
	ʑ l u s
śluz 
	ɕ l u s 
	ʑ l u s
śluzowi 
	ɕ l u z ɔ vʲ i 
	ʑ l u z ɔ vʲ i
śluzu 
	ɕ l u z u 
	ʑ l u z u
śluzy 
	ɕ l u z ɨ 
	ʑ l u z ɨ
śluzy 
	ɕ l u z ɨ 
	ʑ l u z ɨ
śluzy 
	ɕ l u z ɨ 
	ʑ l u z ɨ
słyszenie 
	s w ɨ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s w ɨ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
słyszenie 
	s w ɨ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s w ɨ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
słyszenie 
	s w ɨ ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s w ɨ ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
smak 
	s m a k 
	z m a k
smak 
	s m a k 
	z m a k
smalec 
	s m a l ɛ t͡s 
	z m a l ɛ t͡s
smalec 
	s m a l ɛ t͡s 
	z m a l ɛ t͡s
smarowanie 
	s m a r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
smarowanie 
	s m a r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
smarowanie 
	s m a r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
smar 
	s m a r 
	z m a r
smar 
	s m a r 
	z m a r
smerf 
	s m ɛ r f 
	z m ɛ r f
śmiech 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ x 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ x
śmiech 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ x 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ x
śmieciarka 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ a r k a 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i a r k a
śmieciarz 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ a ʂ 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i a ʂ
śmieciówka 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ u f k a 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i u v k a
śmieci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
śmieci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
śmieci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
śmieci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i
śmiercią 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
śmierci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i
śmierci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i
śmierci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i
śmierci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i
śmierci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i
śmierci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i
śmierci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i
śmierci 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ i 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i
śmierć 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡ʂ
śmierć 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t͡ʂ
śmiertelnik 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ r t ɛ l ɲ i k 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ r t ɛ l ɲ i k
śmietana 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t a n a 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ t a n a
śmietnik 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t ɲ i k 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ d ɲ i k
śmietnik 
	ɕ mʲ ɛ t ɲ i k 
	ʑ mʲ i ɛ d ɲ i k
śmigieł 
	ɕ mʲ i ɡʲ ɛ w 
	ʑ mʲ i gʲ i ɛ w
śmigło 
	ɕ mʲ i ɡ w ɔ 
	ʑ mʲ i g w ɔ
śmigło 
	ɕ mʲ i ɡ w ɔ 
	ʑ mʲ i g w ɔ
śmigło 
	ɕ mʲ i ɡ w ɔ 
	ʑ mʲ i g w ɔ
smoking 
	s m ɔ kʲ i n k 
	z m ɔ kʲ i n k
smoking 
	s m ɔ kʲ i n k 
	z m ɔ kʲ i n k
smoka 
	s m ɔ k a 
	z m ɔ k a
smoka 
	s m ɔ k a 
	z m ɔ k a
smoki 
	s m ɔ kʲ i 
	z m ɔ kʲ i
smoki 
	s m ɔ kʲ i 
	z m ɔ kʲ i
smoki 
	s m ɔ kʲ i 
	z m ɔ kʲ i
smok 
	s m ɔ k 
	z m ɔ k
smokom 
	s m ɔ k ɔ m 
	z m ɔ k ɔ m
smoku 
	s m ɔ k u 
	z m ɔ k u
smoku 
	s m ɔ k u 
	z m ɔ k u
smołach 
	s m ɔ w a x 
	z m ɔ w a x
smołami 
	s m ɔ w a mʲ i 
	z m ɔ w a mʲ i
smołą 
	s m ɔ w ɔ̃ 
	z m ɔ w ɔ̃
smoła 
	s m ɔ w a 
	z m ɔ w a
smołę 
	s m ɔ w ɛ 
	z m ɔ w ɛ~
smole 
	s m ɔ l ɛ 
	z m ɔ l ɛ
smole 
	s m ɔ l ɛ 
	z m ɔ l ɛ
smół 
	s m u w 
	z m u w
smołom 
	s m ɔ w ɔ m 
	z m ɔ w ɔ m
smoło 
	s m ɔ w ɔ 
	z m ɔ w ɔ
smoły 
	s m ɔ w ɨ 
	z m ɔ w ɨ
smoły 
	s m ɔ w ɨ 
	z m ɔ w ɨ
smoły 
	s m ɔ w ɨ 
	z m ɔ w ɨ
smoły 
	s m ɔ w ɨ 
	z m ɔ w ɨ
smród 
	s m r u t 
	z m r u t
smród 
	s m r u t 
	z m r u t
smudze 
	s m u d͡z ɛ 
	z m u d z ɛ
smudze 
	s m u d͡z ɛ 
	z m u d z ɛ
smugach 
	s m u ɡ a x 
	z m u g a x
smugami 
	s m u ɡ a mʲ i 
	z m u g a mʲ i
smugą 
	s m u ɡ ɔ̃ 
	z m u g ɔ̃
smuga 
	s m u ɡ a 
	z m u g a
smugę 
	s m u ɡ ɛ 
	z m u g ɛ~
smugi 
	s m u ɡʲ i 
	z m u gʲ i
smugi 
	s m u ɡʲ i 
	z m u gʲ i
smugi 
	s m u ɡʲ i 
	z m u gʲ i
smugi 
	s m u ɡʲ i 
	z m u gʲ i
smug 
	s m u k 
	z m u k
smugom 
	s m u ɡ ɔ m 
	z m u g ɔ m
smugo 
	s m u ɡ ɔ 
	z m u g ɔ
smycz 
	s m ɨ t͡ʂ 
	z m ɨ t͡ʂ
smycz 
	s m ɨ t͡ʂ 
	z m ɨ t͡ʂ
smyka 
	s m ɨ k a 
	z m ɨ k a
smyka 
	s m ɨ k a 
	z m ɨ k a
smyk 
	s m ɨ k 
	z m ɨ k
smyku 
	s m ɨ k u 
	z m ɨ k u
smyku 
	s m ɨ k u 
	z m ɨ k u
śniadanie 
	ɕ ɲ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ ɲ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
śniadanie 
	ɕ ɲ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ ɲ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
śniadanie 
	ɕ ɲ a d a ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ ɲ i a d a ɲ i ɛ
śnieg 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ k 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ k
śnieg 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ k 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ k
śnieżek 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ ʐ ɛ k 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ k
śnieżka 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ ʂ k a 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ ʂ k a
śnieżki 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ ʂ kʲ i 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ ʂ kʲ i
śnieżki 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ ʂ kʲ i 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ ʂ kʲ i
śnieżki 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ ʂ kʲ i 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ ʂ kʲ i
śnieżki 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ ʂ kʲ i 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ ʂ kʲ i
śnieżyca 
	ɕ ɲ ɛ ʐ ɨ t͡s a 
	ʑ ɲ i ɛ ʐ ɨ t͡s a
snooker 
	s n u k ɛ r 
	z n ɔ ɔ k ɛ r
snooker 
	s n u k ɛ r 
	z n ɔ ɔ k ɛ r
snopach 
	s n ɔ p a x 
	z n ɔ p a x
snopami 
	s n ɔ p a mʲ i 
	z n ɔ p a mʲ i
snopem 
	s n ɔ p ɛ m 
	z n ɔ p ɛ m
snopie 
	s n ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	z n ɔ pʲ i ɛ
snopie 
	s n ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	z n ɔ pʲ i ɛ
snop 
	s n ɔ p 
	z n ɔ p
snop 
	s n ɔ p 
	z n ɔ p
snopom 
	s n ɔ p ɔ m 
	z n ɔ p ɔ m
snopowi 
	s n ɔ p ɔ vʲ i 
	z n ɔ p ɔ vʲ i
snopów 
	s n ɔ p u f 
	z n ɔ p u v
snopy 
	s n ɔ p ɨ 
	z n ɔ p ɨ
snopy 
	s n ɔ p ɨ 
	z n ɔ p ɨ
snopy 
	s n ɔ p ɨ 
	z n ɔ p ɨ
snycerz 
	s n ɨ t͡s ɛ ʂ 
	z n ɨ t͡s ɛ ʂ
sobotę 
	s ɔ b ɔ t ɛ 
	s ɔ b ɔ t ɛ~
sobowtór 
	s ɔ b ɔ f t u r 
	s ɔ b ɔ v t u r
sochę 
	s ɔ x ɛ 
	s ɔ x ɛ~
socjologia 
	s ɔ t͡s j ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	s ɔ t͡s j ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
socynianin 
	s ɔ t͡s ɨ ɲ a ɲ i n 
	s ɔ t͡s ɨ ɲ i a ɲ i n
soczewka 
	s ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ f k a 
	s ɔ t͡ʂ ɛ v k a
sójkę 
	s u j k ɛ 
	s u j k ɛ~
sokołów 
	s ɔ k ɔ w u f 
	s ɔ k ɔ w u v
sokowirówka 
	s ɔ k ɔ vʲ i r u f k a 
	s ɔ k ɔ vʲ i r u v k a
sokiem 
	s ɔ kʲ ɛ m 
	s ɔ kʲ i ɛ m
soków 
	s ɔ k u f 
	s ɔ k u v
solarium 
	s ɔ l a rʲ j u m 
	s ɔ l a rʲ i u m
solarium 
	s ɔ l a rʲ j u m 
	s ɔ l a rʲ i u m
solarium 
	s ɔ l a rʲ j u m 
	s ɔ l a rʲ i u m
solarium 
	s ɔ l a rʲ j u m 
	s ɔ l a rʲ i u m
solarium 
	s ɔ l a rʲ j u m 
	s ɔ l a rʲ i u m
solarium 
	s ɔ l a rʲ j u m 
	s ɔ l a rʲ i u m
solarium 
	s ɔ l a rʲ j u m 
	s ɔ l a rʲ i u m
solę 
	s ɔ l ɛ 
	s ɔ l ɛ~
sołectwo 
	s ɔ w ɛ t͡s t f ɔ 
	s ɔ w ɛ t͡s d v ɔ
sołectwo 
	s ɔ w ɛ t͡s t f ɔ 
	s ɔ w ɛ t͡s d v ɔ
sołectwo 
	s ɔ w ɛ t͡s t f ɔ 
	s ɔ w ɛ t͡s d v ɔ
soplach 
	s ɔ p l a x 
	s ɔ b l a x
soplami 
	s ɔ p l a mʲ i 
	s ɔ b l a mʲ i
sopla 
	s ɔ p l a 
	s ɔ b l a
soplem 
	s ɔ p l ɛ m 
	s ɔ b l ɛ m
sople 
	s ɔ p l ɛ 
	s ɔ b l ɛ
sople 
	s ɔ p l ɛ 
	s ɔ b l ɛ
sople 
	s ɔ p l ɛ 
	s ɔ b l ɛ
sopli 
	s ɔ p lʲ i 
	s ɔ b lʲ i
soplom 
	s ɔ p l ɔ m 
	s ɔ b l ɔ m
soplowi 
	s ɔ p l ɔ vʲ i 
	s ɔ b l ɔ vʲ i
soplu 
	s ɔ p l u 
	s ɔ b l u
soplu 
	s ɔ p l u 
	s ɔ b l u
sorgo 
	s ɔ r ɡ ɔ 
	s ɔ r g ɔ
sorgo 
	s ɔ r ɡ ɔ 
	s ɔ r g ɔ
sorgo 
	s ɔ r ɡ ɔ 
	s ɔ r g ɔ
sosnach 
	s ɔ s n a x 
	s ɔ z n a x
sosnami 
	s ɔ s n a mʲ i 
	s ɔ z n a mʲ i
sosną 
	s ɔ s n ɔ̃ 
	s ɔ z n ɔ̃
sosna 
	s ɔ s n a 
	s ɔ z n a
sosnę 
	s ɔ s n ɛ 
	s ɔ z n ɛ~
sośnie 
	s ɔ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	s ɔ ʑ ɲ i ɛ
sośnie 
	s ɔ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	s ɔ ʑ ɲ i ɛ
sosnom 
	s ɔ s n ɔ m 
	s ɔ z n ɔ m
sosno 
	s ɔ s n ɔ 
	s ɔ z n ɔ
sosny 
	s ɔ s n ɨ 
	s ɔ z n ɨ
sosny 
	s ɔ s n ɨ 
	s ɔ z n ɨ
sosny 
	s ɔ s n ɨ 
	s ɔ z n ɨ
sosny 
	s ɔ s n ɨ 
	s ɔ z n ɨ
soul 
	s ɔ w l 
	s ɔ u l
soul 
	s ɔ w l 
	s ɔ u l
soul 
	s ɔ w l 
	s ɔ u l
soul 
	s ɔ w l 
	s ɔ u l
soul 
	s ɔ w l 
	s ɔ u l
soul 
	s ɔ w l 
	s ɔ u l
soul 
	s ɔ w l 
	s ɔ u l
sowę 
	s ɔ v ɛ 
	s ɔ v ɛ~
sowie 
	s ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	s ɔ vʲ i ɛ
sowie 
	s ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	s ɔ vʲ i ɛ
sów 
	s u f 
	s u v
sówka 
	s u f k a 
	s u v k a
spacerniak 
	s p a t͡s ɛ r ɲ a k 
	s p a t͡s ɛ r ɲ i a k
spacerniak 
	s p a t͡s ɛ r ɲ a k 
	s p a t͡s ɛ r ɲ i a k
spanie 
	s p a ɲ ɛ 
	s p a ɲ i ɛ
spanie 
	s p a ɲ ɛ 
	s p a ɲ i ɛ
spanie 
	s p a ɲ ɛ 
	s p a ɲ i ɛ
śpiączka 
	ɕ pʲ ɔ n t͡ʂ k a 
	ɕ pʲ i ɔ̃ t͡ʂ k a
spięcie 
	s pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
spięcie 
	s pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
spięcie 
	s pʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s pʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
śpiewaczka 
	ɕ pʲ ɛ v a t͡ʂ k a 
	ɕ pʲ i ɛ v a t͡ʂ k a
śpiewak 
	ɕ pʲ ɛ v a k 
	ɕ pʲ i ɛ v a k
śpioch 
	ɕ pʲ ɔ x 
	ɕ pʲ i ɔ x
spiżarnia 
	s pʲ i ʐ a r ɲ a 
	s pʲ i ʐ a r ɲ i a
splocie 
	s p l ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s b l ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
splocie 
	s p l ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s b l ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
splot 
	s p l ɔ t 
	s b l ɔ t
splot 
	s p l ɔ t 
	s b l ɔ t
spodziewanie 
	s p ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ d ʑ i ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
spodziewanie 
	s p ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ d ʑ i ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
spodziewanie 
	s p ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ d ʑ i ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
spojówka 
	s p ɔ j u f k a 
	s p ɔ j u v k a
spojrzenie 
	s p ɔ j ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ j ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
spojrzenie 
	s p ɔ j ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ j ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
spojrzenie 
	s p ɔ j ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ j ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
społeczeństwo 
	s p ɔ w ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	s p ɔ w ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
społeczeństwo 
	s p ɔ w ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	s p ɔ w ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
społeczeństwo 
	s p ɔ w ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	s p ɔ w ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
spółgłoska 
	s p u w ɡ w ɔ s k a 
	s p u w g w ɔ s k a
sporów 
	s p ɔ r u f 
	s p ɔ r u v
sportowiec 
	s p ɔ r t ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s p ɔ r t ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
sporcie 
	s p ɔ r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s p ɔ r t͡sʲ i ɛ
sporcie 
	s p ɔ r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s p ɔ r t͡sʲ i ɛ
sportów 
	s p ɔ r t u f 
	s p ɔ r t u v
spotkanie 
	s p ɔ t k a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ t k a ɲ i ɛ
spotkanie 
	s p ɔ t k a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ t k a ɲ i ɛ
spotkanie 
	s p ɔ t k a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ɔ t k a ɲ i ɛ
spowiednik 
	s p ɔ vʲ ɛ d ɲ i k 
	s p ɔ vʲ i ɛ d ɲ i k
spowiedź 
	s p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	s p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ɕ
spowiedź 
	s p ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	s p ɔ vʲ i ɛ t ɕ
sprawę 
	s p r a v ɛ 
	s p r a v ɛ~
sprawie 
	s p r a vʲ ɛ 
	s p r a vʲ i ɛ
sprawie 
	s p r a vʲ ɛ 
	s p r a vʲ i ɛ
spraw 
	s p r a f 
	s p r a v
sprawdzanie 
	s p r a v d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	s p r a v d z a ɲ i ɛ
sprawdzanie 
	s p r a v d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	s p r a v d z a ɲ i ɛ
sprawdzanie 
	s p r a v d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	s p r a v d z a ɲ i ɛ
sprawdzian 
	s p r a v d͡ʑ a n 
	s p r a v d ʑ i a n
sprawdzian 
	s p r a v d͡ʑ a n 
	s p r a v d ʑ i a n
sprężyna 
	s p r ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ n a 
	s p r ɛ~ʐ ɨ n a
sprzątaczka 
	s p ʂ ɔ n t a t͡ʂ k a 
	s p ʐ ɔ̃ t a t͡ʂ k a
sprzątacz 
	s p ʂ ɔ n t a t͡ʂ 
	s p ʐ ɔ̃ t a t͡ʂ
sprzątanie 
	s p ʂ ɔ n t a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ʐ ɔ̃ t a ɲ i ɛ
sprzątanie 
	s p ʂ ɔ n t a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ʐ ɔ̃ t a ɲ i ɛ
sprzątanie 
	s p ʂ ɔ n t a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ʐ ɔ̃ t a ɲ i ɛ
sprzeciw 
	s p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i f 
	s p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v
sprzeciw 
	s p ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i f 
	s p ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i v
sprzeczka 
	s p ʂ ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	s p ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ k a
sprzedanie 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a ɲ i ɛ
sprzedanie 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a ɲ i ɛ
sprzedanie 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a ɲ ɛ 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a ɲ i ɛ
sprzedawca 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a f t͡s a 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a v t͡s a
sprzedawczyni 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
sprzedawczyni 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
sprzedawczyni 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
sprzedawczyni 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
sprzedawczyni 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a f t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a v t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
sprzedaż 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a ʂ 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a ʂ
sprzedaż 
	s p ʂ ɛ d a ʂ 
	s p ʐ ɛ d a ʂ
sprzęgło 
	s p ʂ ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɔ 
	s p ʐ ɛ~g w ɔ
sprzęgło 
	s p ʂ ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɔ 
	s p ʐ ɛ~g w ɔ
sprzęgło 
	s p ʂ ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɔ 
	s p ʐ ɛ~g w ɔ
sprzęt 
	s p ʂ ɛ n t 
	s p ʐ ɛ~t
sprzęt 
	s p ʂ ɛ n t 
	s p ʐ ɛ~t
spuście 
	s p u ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s p u ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
spuście 
	s p u ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s p u ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
srajtaśma 
	s r a j t a ɕ m a 
	s r a j t a ʑ m a
sranie 
	s r a ɲ ɛ 
	s r a ɲ i ɛ
sranie 
	s r a ɲ ɛ 
	s r a ɲ i ɛ
sranie 
	s r a ɲ ɛ 
	s r a ɲ i ɛ
srebra 
	s r ɛ b r a 
	s r ɛ p r a
srebrem 
	s r ɛ b r ɛ m 
	s r ɛ p r ɛ m
srebro 
	s r ɛ b r ɔ 
	s r ɛ p r ɔ
srebro 
	s r ɛ b r ɔ 
	s r ɛ p r ɔ
srebro 
	s r ɛ b r ɔ 
	s r ɛ p r ɔ
srebru 
	s r ɛ b r u 
	s r ɛ p r u
średnia 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ a 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ i a
średnia 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ a 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ i a
średniej 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ ɛ j 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ i ɛ j
średniej 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ ɛ j 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ i ɛ j
średniej 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ ɛ j 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ i ɛ j
średnie 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ i ɛ
średnie 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ i ɛ
średnie 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ ɛ 
	ɕ r ɛ d ɲ i ɛ
śródmózgowie 
	ɕ r u d m u z ɡ ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	ɕ r u d m u z g ɔ vʲ i ɛ
śródmózgowie 
	ɕ r u d m u z ɡ ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	ɕ r u d m u z g ɔ vʲ i ɛ
śródmózgowie 
	ɕ r u d m u z ɡ ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	ɕ r u d m u z g ɔ vʲ i ɛ
srokę 
	s r ɔ k ɛ 
	s r ɔ k ɛ~
śrubokręt 
	ɕ r u b ɔ k r ɛ n t 
	ɕ r u b ɔ k r ɛ~t
śrubokręt 
	ɕ r u b ɔ k r ɛ n t 
	ɕ r u b ɔ k r ɛ~t
stadion 
	s t a d j ɔ n 
	s t a dʲ i ɔ n
stadion 
	s t a d j ɔ n 
	s t a dʲ i ɔ n
stadia 
	s t a d j a 
	s t a dʲ i a
stadia 
	s t a d j a 
	s t a dʲ i a
stadia 
	s t a d j a 
	s t a dʲ i a
stadium 
	s t a d j u m 
	s t a dʲ i u m
stadium 
	s t a d j u m 
	s t a dʲ i u m
stadium 
	s t a d j u m 
	s t a dʲ i u m
stadium 
	s t a d j u m 
	s t a dʲ i u m
stadium 
	s t a d j u m 
	s t a dʲ i u m
stadium 
	s t a d j u m 
	s t a dʲ i u m
stadium 
	s t a d j u m 
	s t a dʲ i u m
stadzie 
	s t a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s t a d ʑ i ɛ
stągiew 
	s t ɔ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ f 
	s t ɔ̃ gʲ i ɛ v
stągiew 
	s t ɔ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ f 
	s t ɔ̃ gʲ i ɛ v
stagnacja 
	s t a ɡ n a t͡s j a 
	s t a g n a t͡s j a
stajnia 
	s t a j ɲ a 
	s t a j ɲ i a
stalagmit 
	s t a l a ɡ mʲ i t 
	s t a l a g mʲ i t
stalagmit 
	s t a l a ɡ mʲ i t 
	s t a l a g mʲ i t
stalówka 
	s t a l u f k a 
	s t a l u v k a
standardzie 
	s t a n d a r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s t a n d a r d ʑ i ɛ
standardzie 
	s t a n d a r d͡ʑ ɛ 
	s t a n d a r d ʑ i ɛ
stanie 
	s t a ɲ ɛ 
	s t a ɲ i ɛ
stanie 
	s t a ɲ ɛ 
	s t a ɲ i ɛ
stanów 
	s t a n u f 
	s t a n u v
starością 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
starości 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
starości 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
starości 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
starości 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
starość 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
starość 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	s t a r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
starcie 
	s t a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s t a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
starcie 
	s t a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s t a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
starców 
	s t a r t͡s u f 
	s t a r t͡s u v
starców 
	s t a r t͡s u f 
	s t a r t͡s u v
statyw 
	s t a t ɨ f 
	s t a t ɨ v
statyw 
	s t a t ɨ f 
	s t a t ɨ v
stawie 
	s t a vʲ ɛ 
	s t a vʲ i ɛ
stawie 
	s t a vʲ ɛ 
	s t a vʲ i ɛ
staw 
	s t a f 
	s t a v
staw 
	s t a f 
	s t a v
stawów 
	s t a v u f 
	s t a v u v
steganografia 
	s t ɛ ɡ a n ɔ ɡ r a fʲ a 
	s t ɛ g a n ɔ k r a fʲ i a
stępa 
	s t ɛ m p a 
	s t ɛ~p a
stępem 
	s t ɛ m p ɛ m 
	s t ɛ~p ɛ m
stepie 
	s t ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	s t ɛ pʲ i ɛ
stępie 
	s t ɛ m pʲ ɛ 
	s t ɛ~pʲ i ɛ
stepie 
	s t ɛ pʲ ɛ 
	s t ɛ pʲ i ɛ
stępie 
	s t ɛ m pʲ ɛ 
	s t ɛ~pʲ i ɛ
stęp 
	s t ɛ m p 
	s t ɛ~p
stęp 
	s t ɛ m p 
	s t ɛ~p
stępowi 
	s t ɛ m p ɔ vʲ i 
	s t ɛ~p ɔ vʲ i
stepów 
	s t ɛ p u f 
	s t ɛ p u v
stereometria 
	s t ɛ r ɛ ɔ m ɛ t rʲ j a 
	s t ɛ r ɛ ɔ m ɛ t rʲ i a
sterowiec 
	s t ɛ r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s t ɛ r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
sterowiec 
	s t ɛ r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s t ɛ r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
stewardessa 
	s t j u a r d ɛ s s a 
	s t ɛ v a r d ɛ s s a
stocznia 
	s t ɔ t͡ʂ ɲ a 
	s t ɔ d͡ʐ ɲ i a
stogach 
	s t ɔ ɡ a x 
	s t ɔ g a x
stogami 
	s t ɔ ɡ a mʲ i 
	s t ɔ g a mʲ i
stogiem 
	s t ɔ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	s t ɔ gʲ i ɛ m
stogi 
	s t ɔ ɡʲ i 
	s t ɔ gʲ i
stogi 
	s t ɔ ɡʲ i 
	s t ɔ gʲ i
stogi 
	s t ɔ ɡʲ i 
	s t ɔ gʲ i
stogom 
	s t ɔ ɡ ɔ m 
	s t ɔ g ɔ m
stogowi 
	s t ɔ ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	s t ɔ g ɔ vʲ i
stogów 
	s t ɔ ɡ u f 
	s t ɔ g u v
stogu 
	s t ɔ ɡ u 
	s t ɔ g u
stogu 
	s t ɔ ɡ u 
	s t ɔ g u
stogu 
	s t ɔ ɡ u 
	s t ɔ g u
stolicę 
	s t ɔ lʲ i t͡s ɛ 
	s t ɔ lʲ i t͡s ɛ~
stołówka 
	s t ɔ w u f k a 
	s t ɔ w u v k a
stołów 
	s t ɔ w u f 
	s t ɔ w u v
stonoga 
	s t ɔ n ɔ ɡ a 
	s t ɔ n ɔ g a
stopę 
	s t ɔ p ɛ 
	s t ɔ p ɛ~
stopie 
	s t ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	s t ɔ pʲ i ɛ
stopie 
	s t ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	s t ɔ pʲ i ɛ
stopień 
	s t ɔ pʲ ɛ ɲ 
	s t ɔ pʲ i ɛ ɲ
stopień 
	s t ɔ pʲ ɛ ɲ 
	s t ɔ pʲ i ɛ ɲ
stopniach 
	s t ɔ p ɲ a x 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i a x
stopniami 
	s t ɔ p ɲ a mʲ i 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i a mʲ i
stopnia 
	s t ɔ p ɲ a 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i a
stopniem 
	s t ɔ p ɲ ɛ m 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i ɛ m
stopnie 
	s t ɔ p ɲ ɛ 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i ɛ
stopnie 
	s t ɔ p ɲ ɛ 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i ɛ
stopnie 
	s t ɔ p ɲ ɛ 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i ɛ
stopni 
	s t ɔ p ɲ i 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i
stopniom 
	s t ɔ p ɲ ɔ m 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i ɔ m
stopniowi 
	s t ɔ p ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
stopniu 
	s t ɔ p ɲ u 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i u
stopniu 
	s t ɔ p ɲ u 
	s t ɔ b ɲ i u
strachów 
	s t r a x u f 
	s t r a x u v
stragan 
	s t r a ɡ a n 
	s t r a g a n
stragan 
	s t r a ɡ a n 
	s t r a g a n
strąka 
	s t r ɔ ŋ k a 
	s t r ɔ̃ k a
strąki 
	s t r ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	s t r ɔ̃ kʲ i
strąki 
	s t r ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	s t r ɔ̃ kʲ i
strąki 
	s t r ɔ ŋ kʲ i 
	s t r ɔ̃ kʲ i
strąk 
	s t r ɔ ŋ k 
	s t r ɔ̃ k
strąk 
	s t r ɔ ŋ k 
	s t r ɔ̃ k
strąkom 
	s t r ɔ ŋ k ɔ m 
	s t r ɔ̃ k ɔ m
strąkowi 
	s t r ɔ ŋ k ɔ vʲ i 
	s t r ɔ̃ k ɔ vʲ i
strąku 
	s t r ɔ ŋ k u 
	s t r ɔ̃ k u
strąku 
	s t r ɔ ŋ k u 
	s t r ɔ̃ k u
stracie 
	s t r a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s t r a t͡sʲ i ɛ
stracie 
	s t r a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s t r a t͡sʲ i ɛ
stratę 
	s t r a t ɛ 
	s t r a t ɛ~
strategia 
	s t r a t ɛ ɡʲ j a 
	s t r a t ɛ gʲ i a
strażników 
	s t r a ʐ ɲ i k u f 
	s t r a ʐ ɲ i k u v
strażników 
	s t r a ʐ ɲ i k u f 
	s t r a ʐ ɲ i k u v
strojów 
	s t r ɔ j u f 
	s t r ɔ j u v
stronę 
	s t r ɔ n ɛ 
	s t r ɔ n ɛ~
stronie 
	s t r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	s t r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
stronie 
	s t r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	s t r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
stropie 
	s t r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	s t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
stropie 
	s t r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	s t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
stropów 
	s t r ɔ p u f 
	s t r ɔ p u v
strudze 
	s t r u d͡z ɛ 
	s t r u d z ɛ
strudze 
	s t r u d͡z ɛ 
	s t r u d z ɛ
strugach 
	s t r u ɡ a x 
	s t r u g a x
strugami 
	s t r u ɡ a mʲ i 
	s t r u g a mʲ i
strugą 
	s t r u ɡ ɔ̃ 
	s t r u g ɔ̃
struga 
	s t r u ɡ a 
	s t r u g a
strugę 
	s t r u ɡ ɛ 
	s t r u g ɛ~
strugi 
	s t r u ɡʲ i 
	s t r u gʲ i
strugi 
	s t r u ɡʲ i 
	s t r u gʲ i
strugi 
	s t r u ɡʲ i 
	s t r u gʲ i
strugi 
	s t r u ɡʲ i 
	s t r u gʲ i
strugom 
	s t r u ɡ ɔ m 
	s t r u g ɔ m
strugo 
	s t r u ɡ ɔ 
	s t r u g ɔ
strugach 
	s t r u ɡ a x 
	s t r u g a x
strugami 
	s t r u ɡ a mʲ i 
	s t r u g a mʲ i
struga 
	s t r u ɡ a 
	s t r u g a
strugiem 
	s t r u ɡʲ ɛ m 
	s t r u gʲ i ɛ m
strugi 
	s t r u ɡʲ i 
	s t r u gʲ i
strugi 
	s t r u ɡʲ i 
	s t r u gʲ i
strugi 
	s t r u ɡʲ i 
	s t r u gʲ i
strugom 
	s t r u ɡ ɔ m 
	s t r u g ɔ m
strugowi 
	s t r u ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	s t r u g ɔ vʲ i
strugów 
	s t r u ɡ u f 
	s t r u g u v
strugu 
	s t r u ɡ u 
	s t r u g u
strugu 
	s t r u ɡ u 
	s t r u g u
strumień 
	s t r u mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	s t r u mʲ i ɛ ɲ
strumień 
	s t r u mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	s t r u mʲ i ɛ ɲ
strunę 
	s t r u n ɛ 
	s t r u n ɛ~
strunie 
	s t r u ɲ ɛ 
	s t r u ɲ i ɛ
strunie 
	s t r u ɲ ɛ 
	s t r u ɲ i ɛ
strupie 
	s t r u pʲ ɛ 
	s t r u pʲ i ɛ
strupie 
	s t r u pʲ ɛ 
	s t r u pʲ i ɛ
strusiach 
	s t r u ɕ a x 
	s t r u ɕ i a x
strusiami 
	s t r u ɕ a mʲ i 
	s t r u ɕ i a mʲ i
strusia 
	s t r u ɕ a 
	s t r u ɕ i a
strusia 
	s t r u ɕ a 
	s t r u ɕ i a
strusiem 
	s t r u ɕ ɛ m 
	s t r u ɕ i ɛ m
strusie 
	s t r u ɕ ɛ 
	s t r u ɕ i ɛ
strusie 
	s t r u ɕ ɛ 
	s t r u ɕ i ɛ
strusie 
	s t r u ɕ ɛ 
	s t r u ɕ i ɛ
strusiom 
	s t r u ɕ ɔ m 
	s t r u ɕ i ɔ m
strusiowi 
	s t r u ɕ ɔ vʲ i 
	s t r u ɕ i ɔ vʲ i
strusiu 
	s t r u ɕ u 
	s t r u ɕ i u
strusiu 
	s t r u ɕ u 
	s t r u ɕ i u
strzała 
	s t ʂ a w a 
	s t ʐ a w a
strzał 
	s t ʂ a w 
	s t ʐ a w
strzały 
	s t ʂ a w ɨ 
	s t ʐ a w ɨ
strzały 
	s t ʂ a w ɨ 
	s t ʐ a w ɨ
strzały 
	s t ʂ a w ɨ 
	s t ʐ a w ɨ
strzały 
	s t ʂ a w ɨ 
	s t ʐ a w ɨ
strzałka 
	s t ʂ a w k a 
	s t ʐ a w k a
strzał 
	s t ʂ a w 
	s t ʐ a w
strzał 
	s t ʂ a w 
	s t ʐ a w
strzały 
	s t ʂ a w ɨ 
	s t ʐ a w ɨ
strzały 
	s t ʂ a w ɨ 
	s t ʐ a w ɨ
strzały 
	s t ʂ a w ɨ 
	s t ʐ a w ɨ
strzecha 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ x a 
	s t ʐ ɛ x a
strzech 
	s t ʂ ɛ x 
	s t ʐ ɛ x
strzelanie 
	s t ʂ ɛ l a ɲ ɛ 
	s t ʐ ɛ l a ɲ i ɛ
strzelanie 
	s t ʂ ɛ l a ɲ ɛ 
	s t ʐ ɛ l a ɲ i ɛ
strzelanie 
	s t ʂ ɛ l a ɲ ɛ 
	s t ʐ ɛ l a ɲ i ɛ
strzelba 
	s t ʂ ɛ l b a 
	s t ʐ ɛ l b a
strzelec 
	s t ʂ ɛ l ɛ t͡s 
	s t ʐ ɛ l ɛ t͡s
strzemienny 
	s t ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ n n ɨ 
	s t ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ n n ɨ
strzemienny 
	s t ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ n n ɨ 
	s t ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ n n ɨ
strzemię 
	s t ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	s t ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
strzemię 
	s t ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	s t ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
strzemię 
	s t ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	s t ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
strzęp 
	s t ʂ ɛ m p 
	s t ʐ ɛ~p
strzęp 
	s t ʂ ɛ m p 
	s t ʐ ɛ~p
strzykawka 
	s t ʂ ɨ k a f k a 
	s t ʐ ɨ k a v k a
strzykwa 
	s t ʂ ɨ k f a 
	s t ʐ ɨ g v a
strzyżyk 
	s t ʂ ɨ ʐ ɨ k 
	s t ʐ ɨ ʐ ɨ k
studnia 
	s t u d ɲ a 
	s t u d ɲ i a
studnie 
	s t u d ɲ ɛ 
	s t u d ɲ i ɛ
studnię 
	s t u d ɲ ɛ 
	s t u d ɲ i ɛ~
studnie 
	s t u d ɲ ɛ 
	s t u d ɲ i ɛ
studnie 
	s t u d ɲ ɛ 
	s t u d ɲ i ɛ
studniówka 
	s t u d ɲ u f k a 
	s t u d ɲ i u v k a
stułbia 
	s t u w bʲ a 
	s t u w bʲ i a
stulecia 
	s t u l ɛ t͡ɕ a 
	s t u l ɛ t͡sʲ i a
stulecia 
	s t u l ɛ t͡ɕ a 
	s t u l ɛ t͡sʲ i a
stulecia 
	s t u l ɛ t͡ɕ a 
	s t u l ɛ t͡sʲ i a
stulecia 
	s t u l ɛ t͡ɕ a 
	s t u l ɛ t͡sʲ i a
stulecie 
	s t u l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s t u l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
stulecie 
	s t u l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s t u l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
stulecie 
	s t u l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	s t u l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
stwierdzenie 
	s t fʲ ɛ r d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s d vʲ i ɛ r d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
stwierdzenie 
	s t fʲ ɛ r d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s d vʲ i ɛ r d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
stwierdzenie 
	s t fʲ ɛ r d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s d vʲ i ɛ r d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
stwór 
	s t f u r 
	s d v u r
styczniach 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ a x 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i a x
styczniami 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ a mʲ i 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i a mʲ i
stycznia 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ a 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i a
styczniem 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ ɛ m 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i ɛ m
stycznie 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ ɛ 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i ɛ
stycznie 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ ɛ 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i ɛ
stycznie 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ ɛ 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i ɛ
styczniom 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ ɔ m 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i ɔ m
styczniowi 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
styczniów 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ u f 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i u v
styczniu 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ u 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i u
styczniu 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ ɲ u 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ ɲ i u
styczna 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ n a 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ n a
styczna 
	s t ɨ t͡ʂ n a 
	s t ɨ d͡ʐ n a
stylów 
	s t ɨ l u f 
	s t ɨ l u v
stypendium 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n d j u m 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n dʲ i u m
stypendium 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n d j u m 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n dʲ i u m
stypendium 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n d j u m 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n dʲ i u m
stypendium 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n d j u m 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n dʲ i u m
stypendium 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n d j u m 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n dʲ i u m
stypendium 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n d j u m 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n dʲ i u m
stypendium 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n d j u m 
	s t ɨ p ɛ n dʲ i u m
sufler 
	s u f l ɛ r 
	s u v l ɛ r
sukę 
	s u k ɛ 
	s u k ɛ~
sukieneczka 
	s u kʲ ɛ n ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	s u kʲ i ɛ n ɛ t͡ʂ k a
sukienka 
	s u kʲ ɛ n k a 
	s u kʲ i ɛ n k a
suknią 
	s u k ɲ ɔ̃ 
	s u g ɲ i ɔ̃
suknia 
	s u k ɲ a 
	s u g ɲ i a
suknie 
	s u k ɲ ɛ 
	s u g ɲ i ɛ
suknię 
	s u k ɲ ɛ 
	s u g ɲ i ɛ~
suknie 
	s u k ɲ ɛ 
	s u g ɲ i ɛ
suknie 
	s u k ɲ ɛ 
	s u g ɲ i ɛ
sukni 
	s u k ɲ i 
	s u g ɲ i
sukni 
	s u k ɲ i 
	s u g ɲ i
sukni 
	s u k ɲ i 
	s u g ɲ i
sukni 
	s u k ɲ i 
	s u g ɲ i
suknio 
	s u k ɲ ɔ 
	s u g ɲ i ɔ
sumie 
	s u mʲ ɛ 
	s u mʲ i ɛ
sumie 
	s u mʲ ɛ 
	s u mʲ i ɛ
sumienie 
	s u mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s u mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
sumienie 
	s u mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s u mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
sumień 
	s u mʲ ɛ ɲ 
	s u mʲ i ɛ ɲ
sumie 
	s u mʲ ɛ 
	s u mʲ i ɛ
sumie 
	s u mʲ ɛ 
	s u mʲ i ɛ
sumów 
	s u m u f 
	s u m u v
suple 
	s u p l ɛ 
	s u b l ɛ
suple 
	s u p l ɛ 
	s u b l ɛ
supłów 
	s u p w u f 
	s u p w u v
suriekcja 
	s u rʲ j ɛ k t͡s j a 
	s u rʲ i ɛ k t͡s j a
surowiec 
	s u r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s u r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
surowiec 
	s u r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	s u r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
surówka 
	s u r u f k a 
	s u r u v k a
suśle 
	s u ɕ l ɛ 
	s u ʑ l ɛ
suśle 
	s u ɕ l ɛ 
	s u ʑ l ɛ
susłów 
	s u s w u f 
	s u s w u v
suszę 
	s u ʂ ɛ 
	s u ʂ ɛ~
swastyka 
	s f a s t ɨ k a 
	z v a s t ɨ k a
swacie 
	s f a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z v a t͡sʲ i ɛ
swacie 
	s f a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z v a t͡sʲ i ɛ
swatach 
	s f a t a x 
	z v a t a x
swatami 
	s f a t a mʲ i 
	z v a t a mʲ i
swata 
	s f a t a 
	z v a t a
swata 
	s f a t a 
	z v a t a
swatem 
	s f a t ɛ m 
	z v a t ɛ m
swat 
	s f a t 
	z v a t
swatom 
	s f a t ɔ m 
	z v a t ɔ m
swatowie 
	s f a t ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	z v a t ɔ vʲ i ɛ
swatowie 
	s f a t ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	z v a t ɔ vʲ i ɛ
swatowi 
	s f a t ɔ vʲ i 
	z v a t ɔ vʲ i
swatów 
	s f a t u f 
	z v a t u v
swatów 
	s f a t u f 
	z v a t u v
sweter 
	s f ɛ t ɛ r 
	z v ɛ t ɛ r
sweter 
	s f ɛ t ɛ r 
	z v ɛ t ɛ r
świadek 
	ɕ fʲ a d ɛ k 
	ʑ vʲ i a d ɛ k
świadka 
	ɕ fʲ a t k a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t k a
świadka 
	ɕ fʲ a t k a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t k a
świadkiem 
	ɕ fʲ a t kʲ ɛ m 
	ʑ vʲ i a t kʲ i ɛ m
świadków 
	ɕ fʲ a t k u f 
	ʑ vʲ i a t k u v
świadków 
	ɕ fʲ a t k u f 
	ʑ vʲ i a t k u v
świadomość 
	ɕ fʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʑ vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
świadomość 
	ɕ fʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʑ vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
świateł 
	ɕ fʲ a t ɛ w 
	ʑ vʲ i a t ɛ w
światłach 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a x 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a x
światłami 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a mʲ i
światła 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a
światła 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a
światła 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a
światłom 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ m
światłość 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
światłość 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
świateł 
	ɕ fʲ a t ɛ w 
	ʑ vʲ i a t ɛ w
światłach 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a x 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a x
światłami 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a mʲ i
światła 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a
światła 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a
światła 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a
światła 
	ɕ fʲ a t w a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w a
światłem 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɛ m 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɛ m
światłom 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ m
światło 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ
światło 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ
światło 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ
światłu 
	ɕ fʲ a t w u 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w u
świetle 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t l ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ d l ɛ
światłowód 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ v u t 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ v u t
światłowód 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ v u t 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ v u t
światłowstręt 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ f s t r ɛ n t 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ v s t r ɛ~t
światłowstręt 
	ɕ fʲ a t w ɔ f s t r ɛ n t 
	ʑ vʲ i a t w ɔ v s t r ɛ~t
światach 
	ɕ fʲ a t a x 
	ʑ vʲ i a t a x
światami 
	ɕ fʲ a t a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i a t a mʲ i
świata 
	ɕ fʲ a t a 
	ʑ vʲ i a t a
światem 
	ɕ fʲ a t ɛ m 
	ʑ vʲ i a t ɛ m
świat 
	ɕ fʲ a t 
	ʑ vʲ i a t
świat 
	ɕ fʲ a t 
	ʑ vʲ i a t
światom 
	ɕ fʲ a t ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i a t ɔ m
światów 
	ɕ fʲ a t u f 
	ʑ vʲ i a t u v
światu 
	ɕ fʲ a t u 
	ʑ vʲ i a t u
światy 
	ɕ fʲ a t ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i a t ɨ
światy 
	ɕ fʲ a t ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i a t ɨ
światy 
	ɕ fʲ a t ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i a t ɨ
świecie 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
świecie 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
świątynia 
	ɕ fʲ ɔ n t ɨ ɲ a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɔ̃ t ɨ ɲ i a
świder 
	ɕ fʲ i d ɛ r 
	ʑ vʲ i d ɛ r
świder 
	ɕ fʲ i d ɛ r 
	ʑ vʲ i d ɛ r
świdrach 
	ɕ fʲ i d r a x 
	ʑ vʲ i t r a x
świdrami 
	ɕ fʲ i d r a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i t r a mʲ i
świdra 
	ɕ fʲ i d r a 
	ʑ vʲ i t r a
świdrem 
	ɕ fʲ i d r ɛ m 
	ʑ vʲ i t r ɛ m
świdrom 
	ɕ fʲ i d r ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i t r ɔ m
świdrowi 
	ɕ fʲ i d r ɔ vʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i t r ɔ vʲ i
świdrów 
	ɕ fʲ i d r u f 
	ʑ vʲ i t r u v
świdry 
	ɕ fʲ i d r ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i t r ɨ
świdry 
	ɕ fʲ i d r ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i t r ɨ
świdry 
	ɕ fʲ i d r ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i t r ɨ
świdrze 
	ɕ fʲ i d ʐ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i d ʐ ɛ
świdrze 
	ɕ fʲ i d ʐ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i d ʐ ɛ
świecach 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s a x 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s a x
świecami 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s a mʲ i
świecą 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɔ̃ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɔ̃
świeca 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s a
świece 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ
świecę 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ~
świece 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ
świece 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ
świec 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
świecom 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɔ m
świeco 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɔ
świecy 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɨ
świecy 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɨ
świecy 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡s ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɨ
święconce 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɔ n t͡s ɛ
święconce 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɔ n t͡s ɛ
święconek 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɔ n ɛ k 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɔ n ɛ k
święconka 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɔ n k a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɔ n k a
święconki 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɔ n kʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɔ n kʲ i
święconki 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɔ n kʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɔ n kʲ i
święconki 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɔ n kʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɔ n kʲ i
święconki 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t͡s ɔ n kʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡s ɔ n kʲ i
świecznik 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
świecznik 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
świekra 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ k r a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ k r a
świerk 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ r k 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ r k
świerk 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ r k 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ r k
świerszcz 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ r ʂ t͡ʂ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ r ʂ t͡ʂ
świerszczyk 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ r ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ k 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ r ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ k
świerzb 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ ʂ p 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ ʂ p
świerzb 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ ʂ p 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ ʂ p
świetlówka 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t l u f k a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ d l u v k a
świetność 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
świetność 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
świąt 
	ɕ fʲ ɔ n t 
	ʑ vʲ i ɔ̃ t
święcie 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
świętach 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t a x 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t a x
świętami 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t a mʲ i
święta 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t a
święta 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t a
święta 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t a
święta 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t a
świętem 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t ɛ m 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t ɛ m
świętom 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t ɔ m
święto 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t ɔ
święto 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t ɔ
święto 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t ɔ
świętu 
	ɕ fʲ ɛ n t u 
	ʑ vʲ i ɛ~t u
świniach 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ a x 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i a x
świniami 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i a mʲ i
świnią 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ ɔ̃ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i ɔ̃
świnia 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ a 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i a
świnie 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i ɛ
świnię 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i ɛ~
świnie 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i ɛ
świnie 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i ɛ
świni 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i
świni 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i
świni 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i
świniom 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i ɔ m
świnio 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ i ɔ
świń 
	ɕ fʲ i ɲ 
	ʑ vʲ i ɲ
śwince 
	ɕ fʲ i n t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i n t͡s ɛ
śwince 
	ɕ fʲ i n t͡s ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i n t͡s ɛ
świnek 
	ɕ fʲ i n ɛ k 
	ʑ vʲ i n ɛ k
świnkach 
	ɕ fʲ i n k a x 
	ʑ vʲ i n k a x
świnkami 
	ɕ fʲ i n k a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i n k a mʲ i
świnką 
	ɕ fʲ i n k ɔ̃ 
	ʑ vʲ i n k ɔ̃
świnka 
	ɕ fʲ i n k a 
	ʑ vʲ i n k a
świnkę 
	ɕ fʲ i n k ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i n k ɛ~
świnki 
	ɕ fʲ i n kʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i n kʲ i
świnki 
	ɕ fʲ i n kʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i n kʲ i
świnki 
	ɕ fʲ i n kʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i n kʲ i
świnki 
	ɕ fʲ i n kʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i n kʲ i
świnkom 
	ɕ fʲ i n k ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i n k ɔ m
świnko 
	ɕ fʲ i n k ɔ 
	ʑ vʲ i n k ɔ
świrach 
	ɕ fʲ i r a x 
	ʑ vʲ i r a x
świrami 
	ɕ fʲ i r a mʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i r a mʲ i
świra 
	ɕ fʲ i r a 
	ʑ vʲ i r a
świra 
	ɕ fʲ i r a 
	ʑ vʲ i r a
świrem 
	ɕ fʲ i r ɛ m 
	ʑ vʲ i r ɛ m
świr 
	ɕ fʲ i r 
	ʑ vʲ i r
świrom 
	ɕ fʲ i r ɔ m 
	ʑ vʲ i r ɔ m
świrowi 
	ɕ fʲ i r ɔ vʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i r ɔ vʲ i
świrów 
	ɕ fʲ i r u f 
	ʑ vʲ i r u v
świrów 
	ɕ fʲ i r u f 
	ʑ vʲ i r u v
świry 
	ɕ fʲ i r ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i r ɨ
świry 
	ɕ fʲ i r ɨ 
	ʑ vʲ i r ɨ
świrze 
	ɕ fʲ i ʐ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ʐ ɛ
świrze 
	ɕ fʲ i ʐ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i ʐ ɛ
świstak 
	ɕ fʲ i s t a k 
	ʑ vʲ i s t a k
świstun 
	ɕ fʲ i s t u n 
	ʑ vʲ i s t u n
świcie 
	ɕ fʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
świcie 
	ɕ fʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʑ vʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ
świtem 
	ɕ fʲ i t ɛ m 
	ʑ vʲ i t ɛ m
świt 
	ɕ fʲ i t 
	ʑ vʲ i t
świt 
	ɕ fʲ i t 
	ʑ vʲ i t
świtowi 
	ɕ fʲ i t ɔ vʲ i 
	ʑ vʲ i t ɔ vʲ i
świtu 
	ɕ fʲ i t u 
	ʑ vʲ i t u
swoboda 
	s f ɔ b ɔ d a 
	z v ɔ b ɔ d a
sygnał 
	s ɨ ɡ n a w 
	s ɨ g n a w
sygnał 
	s ɨ ɡ n a w 
	s ɨ g n a w
symfonia 
	s ɨ m f ɔ ɲ j a 
	s ɨ m f ɔ ɲ i a
sympatia 
	s ɨ m p a t j a 
	s ɨ m p a tʲ i a
symulowanie 
	s ɨ m u l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s ɨ m u l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
symulowanie 
	s ɨ m u l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s ɨ m u l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
symulowanie 
	s ɨ m u l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	s ɨ m u l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
synagoga 
	s ɨ n a ɡ ɔ ɡ a 
	s ɨ n a g ɔ g a
synowie 
	s ɨ n ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	s ɨ n ɔ vʲ i ɛ
synowie 
	s ɨ n ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	s ɨ n ɔ vʲ i ɛ
synów 
	s ɨ n u f 
	s ɨ n u v
synów 
	s ɨ n u f 
	s ɨ n u v
sypialnia 
	s ɨ pʲ a l ɲ a 
	s ɨ pʲ i a l ɲ i a
sypialni 
	s ɨ pʲ a l ɲ i 
	s ɨ pʲ i a l ɲ i
sypialni 
	s ɨ pʲ a l ɲ i 
	s ɨ pʲ i a l ɲ i
sypialni 
	s ɨ pʲ a l ɲ i 
	s ɨ pʲ i a l ɲ i
sypialni 
	s ɨ pʲ a l ɲ i 
	s ɨ pʲ i a l ɲ i
sytuację 
	s ɨ t u a t͡s j ɛ 
	s ɨ t u a t͡s j ɛ~
szablodziób 
	ʂ a b l ɔ d͡ʑ u p 
	ʂ a b l ɔ d ʑ i u p
szabrownik 
	ʂ a b r ɔ v ɲ i k 
	ʂ a p r ɔ v ɲ i k
szacunkiem 
	ʂ a t͡s u n kʲ ɛ m 
	ʂ a t͡s u n kʲ i ɛ m
szafiarka 
	ʂ a fʲ a r k a 
	ʂ a fʲ i a r k a
szaleniec 
	ʂ a l ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʂ a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
szaleństwo 
	ʂ a l ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ʂ a l ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
szaleństwo 
	ʂ a l ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ʂ a l ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
szaleństwo 
	ʂ a l ɛ ɲ s t f ɔ 
	ʂ a l ɛ ɲ s d v ɔ
szałwia 
	ʂ a w vʲ a 
	ʂ a w vʲ i a
szałwii 
	ʂ a w vʲ j i 
	ʂ a w vʲ i i
szałwii 
	ʂ a w vʲ j i 
	ʂ a w vʲ i i
szałwii 
	ʂ a w vʲ j i 
	ʂ a w vʲ i i
szałwii 
	ʂ a w vʲ j i 
	ʂ a w vʲ i i
szansa 
	ʂ a w̃ s̪ a 
	ʂ a n s a
szansę 
	ʂ a n s ɛ 
	ʂ a n s ɛ~
szariat 
	ʂ a rʲ j a t 
	ʂ a rʲ i a t
szariat 
	ʂ a rʲ j a t 
	ʂ a rʲ i a t
szarość 
	ʂ a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʂ a r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
szarość 
	ʂ a r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʂ a r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
szarówka 
	ʂ a r u f k a 
	ʂ a r u v k a
szatnia 
	ʂ a t ɲ a 
	ʂ a d ɲ i a
szczeciną 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i n ɔ̃ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡sʲ i n ɔ̃
szczecina 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i n a 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡sʲ i n a
szczecinie 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡sʲ i ɲ i ɛ
szczecinie 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡sʲ i ɲ i ɛ
szczecin 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i n 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡sʲ i n
szczecino 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡ɕ i n ɔ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ t͡sʲ i n ɔ
szczególe 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɡ u l ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ g u l ɛ
szczególe 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɡ u l ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ g u l ɛ
szczegół 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɡ u w 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ g u w
szczegół 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɡ u w 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ g u w
szczegóły 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɡ u w ɨ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ g u w ɨ
szczegóły 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɡ u w ɨ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ g u w ɨ
szczegóły 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɡ u w ɨ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ g u w ɨ
szczęka 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ŋ k a 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ~k a
szczęk 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ŋ k 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ~k
szczenię 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ~
szczenię 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ~
szczenię 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ~
szczepienie 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
szczepienie 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
szczepienie 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
szczepionka 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ ɔ n k a 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ pʲ i ɔ n k a
szczerość 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
szczerość 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
szczwół 
	ʂ t͡ʂ f u w 
	ʂ d͡ʐ v u w
szczwół 
	ʂ t͡ʂ f u w 
	ʂ d͡ʐ v u w
szczygieł 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ɡʲ ɛ w 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ gʲ i ɛ w
szczygła 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ɡ w a 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ g w a
szczygła 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ɡ w a 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ g w a
szczygle 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ɡ l ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ g l ɛ
szczygle 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ ɡ l ɛ 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ g l ɛ
szczypiorek 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ pʲ ɔ r ɛ k 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ pʲ i ɔ r ɛ k
szczypiorek 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ pʲ ɔ r ɛ k 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ pʲ i ɔ r ɛ k
szczypiorniak 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ pʲ ɔ r ɲ a k 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ pʲ i ɔ r ɲ i a k
szczypiornista 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ pʲ ɔ r ɲ i s t a 
	ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ pʲ i ɔ r ɲ i s t a
szefie 
	ʂ ɛ fʲ ɛ 
	ʂ ɛ fʲ i ɛ
szefie 
	ʂ ɛ fʲ ɛ 
	ʂ ɛ fʲ i ɛ
szelężnik 
	ʂ ɛ l ɛ̃ ʐ ɲ i k 
	ʂ ɛ l ɛ~ʐ ɲ i k
szelężnik 
	ʂ ɛ l ɛ̃ ʐ ɲ i k 
	ʂ ɛ l ɛ~ʐ ɲ i k
szelkę 
	ʂ ɛ l k ɛ 
	ʂ ɛ l k ɛ~
szermierka 
	ʂ ɛ r mʲ ɛ r k a 
	ʂ ɛ r mʲ i ɛ r k a
sześcian 
	ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
sześcian 
	ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
sześciokąt 
	ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ k ɔ n t 
	ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ k ɔ̃ t
sześciokąt 
	ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ k ɔ n t 
	ʂ ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ k ɔ̃ t
szewc 
	ʂ ɛ f t͡s 
	ʂ ɛ v t͡s
szewców 
	ʂ ɛ f t͡s u f 
	ʂ ɛ v t͡s u v
szewców 
	ʂ ɛ f t͡s u f 
	ʂ ɛ v t͡s u v
szew 
	ʂ ɛ f 
	ʂ ɛ v
szew 
	ʂ ɛ f 
	ʂ ɛ v
szwach 
	ʂ f a x 
	ʐ v a x
szwami 
	ʂ f a mʲ i 
	ʐ v a mʲ i
szwem 
	ʂ f ɛ m 
	ʐ v ɛ m
szwie 
	ʂ fʲ ɛ 
	ʐ vʲ i ɛ
szwie 
	ʂ fʲ ɛ 
	ʐ vʲ i ɛ
szwom 
	ʂ f ɔ m 
	ʐ v ɔ m
szwowi 
	ʂ f ɔ vʲ i 
	ʐ v ɔ vʲ i
szwów 
	ʂ f u f 
	ʐ v u v
szwu 
	ʂ f u 
	ʐ v u
szwy 
	ʂ f ɨ 
	ʐ v ɨ
szwy 
	ʂ f ɨ 
	ʐ v ɨ
szwy 
	ʂ f ɨ 
	ʐ v ɨ
szkielet 
	ʂ kʲ ɛ l ɛ t 
	ʂ kʲ i ɛ l ɛ t
szkielet 
	ʂ kʲ ɛ l ɛ t 
	ʂ kʲ i ɛ l ɛ t
szklaneczka 
	ʂ k l a n ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	ʂ g l a n ɛ t͡ʂ k a
szklanka 
	ʂ k l a n k a 
	ʂ g l a n k a
szklarnia 
	ʂ k l a r ɲ a 
	ʂ g l a r ɲ i a
szkliwo 
	ʂ k lʲ i v ɔ 
	ʂ g lʲ i v ɔ
szkliwo 
	ʂ k lʲ i v ɔ 
	ʂ g lʲ i v ɔ
szkliwo 
	ʂ k lʲ i v ɔ 
	ʂ g lʲ i v ɔ
szkockiej 
	ʂ k ɔ t͡s kʲ ɛ j 
	ʂ k ɔ t͡s kʲ i ɛ j
szkockiej 
	ʂ k ɔ t͡s kʲ ɛ j 
	ʂ k ɔ t͡s kʲ i ɛ j
szkockiej 
	ʂ k ɔ t͡s kʲ ɛ j 
	ʂ k ɔ t͡s kʲ i ɛ j
szkołę 
	ʂ k ɔ w ɛ 
	ʂ k ɔ w ɛ~
szkutnik 
	ʂ k u t ɲ i k 
	ʂ k u d ɲ i k
szkwał 
	ʂ k f a w 
	ʂ g v a w
szkwał 
	ʂ k f a w 
	ʂ g v a w
szlachar 
	ʂ l a x a r 
	ʐ l a x a r
szlachcianka 
	ʂ l a x t͡ɕ a n k a 
	ʐ l a x t͡sʲ i a n k a
szlachcic 
	ʂ l a x t͡ɕ i t͡s 
	ʐ l a x t͡sʲ i t͡s
szlachta 
	ʂ l a x t a 
	ʐ l a x t a
szlafrok 
	ʂ l a f r ɔ k 
	ʐ l a f r ɔ k
szlafrok 
	ʂ l a f r ɔ k 
	ʐ l a f r ɔ k
szlam 
	ʂ l a m 
	ʐ l a m
szlam 
	ʂ l a m 
	ʐ l a m
szlauch 
	ʂ l a w x 
	ʐ l a u x
szlauch 
	ʂ l a w x 
	ʐ l a u x
szlug 
	ʂ l u k 
	ʐ l u k
szmaragd 
	ʂ m a r a k t 
	ʐ m a r a k t
szmaragd 
	ʂ m a r a k t 
	ʐ m a r a k t
szmacie 
	ʂ m a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ m a t͡sʲ i ɛ
szmacie 
	ʂ m a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ m a t͡sʲ i ɛ
szmata 
	ʂ m a t a 
	ʐ m a t a
szmat 
	ʂ m a t 
	ʐ m a t
szminka 
	ʂ mʲ i n k a 
	ʐ mʲ i n k a
szmira 
	ʂ mʲ i r a 
	ʐ mʲ i r a
szmugler 
	ʂ m u ɡ l ɛ r 
	ʐ m u g l ɛ r
sznurek 
	ʂ n u r ɛ k 
	ʐ n u r ɛ k
sznurek 
	ʂ n u r ɛ k 
	ʐ n u r ɛ k
sznur 
	ʂ n u r 
	ʐ n u r
sznur 
	ʂ n u r 
	ʐ n u r
szogun 
	ʂ ɔ ɡ u n 
	ʂ ɔ g u n
szpieg 
	ʂ pʲ ɛ k 
	ʂ pʲ i ɛ k
sztukę 
	ʂ t u k ɛ 
	ʂ t u k ɛ~
szubienica 
	ʂ u bʲ ɛ ɲ i t͡s a 
	ʂ u bʲ i ɛ ɲ i t͡s a
szuflada 
	ʂ u f l a d a 
	ʂ u v l a d a
szukanie 
	ʂ u k a ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ u k a ɲ i ɛ
szukanie 
	ʂ u k a ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ u k a ɲ i ɛ
szukanie 
	ʂ u k a ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ u k a ɲ i ɛ
szwagierka 
	ʂ f a ɡʲ ɛ r k a 
	ʐ v a gʲ i ɛ r k a
szwagier 
	ʂ f a ɡʲ ɛ r 
	ʐ v a gʲ i ɛ r
szwajcar 
	ʂ f a j t͡s a r 
	ʐ v a j t͡s a r
szybkość 
	ʂ ɨ p k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʂ ɨ p k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
szybkość 
	ʂ ɨ p k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	ʂ ɨ p k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
szybowiec 
	ʂ ɨ b ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʂ ɨ b ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
szybowiec 
	ʂ ɨ b ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʂ ɨ b ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
szyfrowanie 
	ʂ ɨ f r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ ɨ f r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
szyfrowanie 
	ʂ ɨ f r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ ɨ f r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
szyfrowanie 
	ʂ ɨ f r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʂ ɨ f r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
szyję 
	ʂ ɨ j ɛ 
	ʂ ɨ j ɛ~
tacę 
	t a t͡s ɛ 
	t a t͡s ɛ~
taczkę 
	t a t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	t a t͡ʂ k ɛ~
tafla 
	t a f l a 
	t a v l a
tajemnicę 
	t a j ɛ m ɲ i t͡s ɛ 
	t a j ɛ m ɲ i t͡s ɛ~
tajga 
	t a j ɡ a 
	t a j g a
taksówkarz 
	t a k s u f k a ʂ 
	t a k s u v k a ʂ
taksówka 
	t a k s u f k a 
	t a k s u v k a
tangens 
	t a ŋ ɡ ɛ̃ s 
	t a n g ɛ n s
tangens 
	t a ŋ ɡ ɛ̃ s 
	t a n g ɛ n s
taniec 
	t a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	t a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
taniec 
	t a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	t a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
taniocha 
	t a ɲ ɔ x a 
	t a ɲ i ɔ x a
tankowiec 
	t a n k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t a n k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
tankowiec 
	t a n k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t a n k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
targach 
	t a r ɡ a x 
	t a r g a x
targami 
	t a r ɡ a mʲ i 
	t a r g a mʲ i
targiem 
	t a r ɡʲ ɛ m 
	t a r gʲ i ɛ m
targi 
	t a r ɡʲ i 
	t a r gʲ i
targi 
	t a r ɡʲ i 
	t a r gʲ i
targi 
	t a r ɡʲ i 
	t a r gʲ i
targom 
	t a r ɡ ɔ m 
	t a r g ɔ m
targowi 
	t a r ɡ ɔ vʲ i 
	t a r g ɔ vʲ i
targów 
	t a r ɡ u f 
	t a r g u v
targu 
	t a r ɡ u 
	t a r g u
targu 
	t a r ɡ u 
	t a r g u
targu 
	t a r ɡ u 
	t a r g u
tarkę 
	t a r k ɛ 
	t a r k ɛ~
taśma 
	t a ɕ m a 
	t a ʑ m a
taśmę 
	t a ɕ m ɛ 
	t a ʑ m ɛ~
tasznik 
	t a ʂ ɲ i k 
	t a ʐ ɲ i k
tasznik 
	t a ʂ ɲ i k 
	t a ʐ ɲ i k
tatarów 
	t a t a r u f 
	t a t a r u v
tacie 
	t a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t a t͡sʲ i ɛ
tacie 
	t a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t a t͡sʲ i ɛ
tatę 
	t a t ɛ 
	t a t ɛ~
tatowie 
	t a t ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	t a t ɔ vʲ i ɛ
tatowie 
	t a t ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	t a t ɔ vʲ i ɛ
tatów 
	t a t u f 
	t a t u v
tatów 
	t a t u f 
	t a t u v
tacie 
	t a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t a t͡sʲ i ɛ
tacie 
	t a t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t a t͡sʲ i ɛ
tatę 
	t a t ɛ 
	t a t ɛ~
tatowie 
	t a t ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	t a t ɔ vʲ i ɛ
tatowie 
	t a t ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	t a t ɔ vʲ i ɛ
tatów 
	t a t u f 
	t a t u v
tatów 
	t a t u f 
	t a t u v
tatuowanie 
	t a t u ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t a t u ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
tatuowanie 
	t a t u ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t a t u ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
tatuowanie 
	t a t u ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t a t u ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
tatusia 
	t a t u ɕ a 
	t a t u ɕ i a
tatusia 
	t a t u ɕ a 
	t a t u ɕ i a
tatusiu 
	t a t u ɕ u 
	t a t u ɕ i u
tatusiu 
	t a t u ɕ u 
	t a t u ɕ i u
tautologia 
	t a w t ɔ l ɔ ɡʲ j a 
	t a u t ɔ l ɔ gʲ i a
tchawica 
	t x a vʲ i t͡s a 
	d x a vʲ i t͡s a
tęcza 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ a 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ a
tęcze 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ ɛ
tęczę 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ ɛ~
tęcze 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ ɛ
tęcze 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ ɛ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ ɛ
tęcz 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ
tęczo 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ ɔ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ ɔ
tęczy 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ ɨ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ ɨ
tęczy 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ ɨ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ ɨ
tęczy 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ ɨ 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ ɨ
tęczówka 
	t ɛ n t͡ʂ u f k a 
	t ɛ~t͡ʂ u v k a
tekściarz 
	t ɛ k ɕ t͡ɕ a ʂ 
	t ɛ k ɕ t͡sʲ i a ʂ
telefonowanie 
	t ɛ l ɛ f ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t ɛ l ɛ f ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
telefonowanie 
	t ɛ l ɛ f ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t ɛ l ɛ f ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
telefonowanie 
	t ɛ l ɛ f ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	t ɛ l ɛ f ɔ n ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
telefonów 
	t ɛ l ɛ f ɔ n u f 
	t ɛ l ɛ f ɔ n u v
telegraf 
	t ɛ l ɛ ɡ r a f 
	t ɛ l ɛ k r a f
telegraf 
	t ɛ l ɛ ɡ r a f 
	t ɛ l ɛ k r a f
telegram 
	t ɛ l ɛ ɡ r a m 
	t ɛ l ɛ k r a m
telegram 
	t ɛ l ɛ ɡ r a m 
	t ɛ l ɛ k r a m
teleskopie 
	t ɛ l ɛ s k ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	t ɛ l ɛ s k ɔ pʲ i ɛ
teleskopie 
	t ɛ l ɛ s k ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	t ɛ l ɛ s k ɔ pʲ i ɛ
teleskopów 
	t ɛ l ɛ s k ɔ p u f 
	t ɛ l ɛ s k ɔ p u v
teleturniej 
	t ɛ l ɛ t u r ɲ ɛ j 
	t ɛ l ɛ t u r ɲ i ɛ j
teleturniej 
	t ɛ l ɛ t u r ɲ ɛ j 
	t ɛ l ɛ t u r ɲ i ɛ j
temperówka 
	t ɛ m p ɛ r u f k a 
	t ɛ m p ɛ r u v k a
tenisówka 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u f k a 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u v k a
tenisówki 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u f kʲ i 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u v kʲ i
tenisówki 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u f kʲ i 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u v kʲ i
tenisówki 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u f kʲ i 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u v kʲ i
tenisówki 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u f kʲ i 
	t ɛ ɲ i s u v kʲ i
tensor 
	t ɛ̃ s ɔ r 
	t ɛ n s ɔ r
tensor 
	t ɛ̃ s ɔ r 
	t ɛ n s ɔ r
teoria 
	t ɛ ɔ rʲ j a 
	t ɛ ɔ rʲ i a
terapeuta 
	t ɛ r a p ɛ w t a 
	t ɛ r a p ɛ u t a
terapia 
	t ɛ r a pʲ a 
	t ɛ r a pʲ i a
terenie 
	t ɛ r ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t ɛ r ɛ ɲ i ɛ
terenie 
	t ɛ r ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t ɛ r ɛ ɲ i ɛ
terytorium 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
terytorium 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
terytorium 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
terytorium 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
terytorium 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
terytorium 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
terytorium 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ j u m 
	t ɛ r ɨ t ɔ rʲ i u m
teściowa 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ v a 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ v a
teścia 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i a
teścia 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i a
teściem 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ m
teściu 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ u 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i u
teściu 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ u 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i u
teść 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
tęsknota 
	t ɛ̃ s k n ɔ t a 
	t ɛ~s g n ɔ t a
tętnica 
	t ɛ n t ɲ i t͡s a 
	t ɛ~d ɲ i t͡s a
tężec 
	t ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ t͡s 
	t ɛ~ʐ ɛ t͡s
tężec 
	t ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ t͡s 
	t ɛ~ʐ ɛ t͡s
tirówka 
	t i r u f k a 
	tʲ i r u v k a
tir 
	t i r 
	tʲ i r
tkanie 
	t k a ɲ ɛ 
	t k a ɲ i ɛ
tkanie 
	t k a ɲ ɛ 
	t k a ɲ i ɛ
tkanie 
	t k a ɲ ɛ 
	t k a ɲ i ɛ
tlenek 
	t l ɛ n ɛ k 
	d l ɛ n ɛ k
tlenek 
	t l ɛ n ɛ k 
	d l ɛ n ɛ k
tle 
	t l ɛ 
	d l ɛ
tłumaczenie 
	t w u m a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t w u m a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
tłumaczenie 
	t w u m a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t w u m a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
tłumaczenie 
	t w u m a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t w u m a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
toga 
	t ɔ ɡ a 
	t ɔ g a
togo 
	t ɔ ɡ ɔ 
	t ɔ g ɔ
tokiem 
	t ɔ kʲ ɛ m 
	t ɔ kʲ i ɛ m
toków 
	t ɔ k u f 
	t ɔ k u v
tonę 
	t ɔ n ɛ 
	t ɔ n ɛ~
tonie 
	t ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	t ɔ ɲ i ɛ
tonie 
	t ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	t ɔ ɲ i ɛ
tonie 
	t ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	t ɔ ɲ i ɛ
tonie 
	t ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	t ɔ ɲ i ɛ
topnik 
	t ɔ p ɲ i k 
	t ɔ b ɲ i k
topnik 
	t ɔ p ɲ i k 
	t ɔ b ɲ i k
topograf 
	t ɔ p ɔ ɡ r a f 
	t ɔ p ɔ k r a f
topolę 
	t ɔ p ɔ l ɛ 
	t ɔ p ɔ l ɛ~
toporów 
	t ɔ p ɔ r u f 
	t ɔ p ɔ r u v
torbę 
	t ɔ r b ɛ 
	t ɔ r b ɛ~
torbie 
	t ɔ r bʲ ɛ 
	t ɔ r bʲ i ɛ
torbie 
	t ɔ r bʲ ɛ 
	t ɔ r bʲ i ɛ
torcik 
	t ɔ r t͡ɕ i k 
	t ɔ r t͡sʲ i k
torcik 
	t ɔ r t͡ɕ i k 
	t ɔ r t͡sʲ i k
torcie 
	t ɔ r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t ɔ r t͡sʲ i ɛ
torcie 
	t ɔ r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	t ɔ r t͡sʲ i ɛ
towarzystwa 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s t f a 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s d v a
towarzystwa 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s t f a 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s d v a
towarzystwa 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s t f a 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s d v a
towarzystwa 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s t f a 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s d v a
towarzystwo 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s t f ɔ 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s d v ɔ
towarzystwo 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s t f ɔ 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s d v ɔ
towarzystwo 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s t f ɔ 
	t ɔ v a ʐ ɨ s d v ɔ
tożsamość 
	t ɔ ʂ s a m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t ɔ ʂ s a m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
tożsamość 
	t ɔ ʂ s a m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t ɔ ʂ s a m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
trąbach 
	t r ɔ m b a x 
	t r ɔ̃ b a x
trąbami 
	t r ɔ m b a mʲ i 
	t r ɔ̃ b a mʲ i
trąbą 
	t r ɔ m b ɔ̃ 
	t r ɔ̃ b ɔ̃
trąba 
	t r ɔ m b a 
	t r ɔ̃ b a
trąbę 
	t r ɔ m b ɛ 
	t r ɔ̃ b ɛ~
trąbie 
	t r ɔ m bʲ ɛ 
	t r ɔ̃ bʲ i ɛ
trąbie 
	t r ɔ m bʲ ɛ 
	t r ɔ̃ bʲ i ɛ
trąb 
	t r ɔ m p 
	t r ɔ̃ p
trąbom 
	t r ɔ m b ɔ m 
	t r ɔ̃ b ɔ m
trąbo 
	t r ɔ m b ɔ 
	t r ɔ̃ b ɔ
trąby 
	t r ɔ m b ɨ 
	t r ɔ̃ b ɨ
trąby 
	t r ɔ m b ɨ 
	t r ɔ̃ b ɨ
trąby 
	t r ɔ m b ɨ 
	t r ɔ̃ b ɨ
trąby 
	t r ɔ m b ɨ 
	t r ɔ̃ b ɨ
trąbką 
	t r ɔ m p k ɔ̃ 
	t r ɔ̃ p k ɔ̃
trąbka 
	t r ɔ m p k a 
	t r ɔ̃ p k a
trądzik 
	t r ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ i k 
	t r ɔ̃ d ʑ i k
trądzik 
	t r ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ i k 
	t r ɔ̃ d ʑ i k
traganek 
	t r a ɡ a n ɛ k 
	t r a g a n ɛ k
traganek 
	t r a ɡ a n ɛ k 
	t r a g a n ɛ k
tragarz 
	t r a ɡ a ʂ 
	t r a g a ʂ
tragedia 
	t r a ɡ ɛ d j a 
	t r a g ɛ dʲ i a
trance 
	t r ɛ̃ s 
	t r a n t͡s ɛ
trance 
	t r ɛ̃ s 
	t r a n t͡s ɛ
tratwa 
	t r a t f a 
	t r a d v a
traumatolog 
	t r a w m a t ɔ l ɔ k 
	t r a u m a t ɔ l ɔ k
trawę 
	t r a v ɛ 
	t r a v ɛ~
trawie 
	t r a vʲ ɛ 
	t r a vʲ i ɛ
trawie 
	t r a vʲ ɛ 
	t r a vʲ i ɛ
traw 
	t r a f 
	t r a v
trawienie 
	t r a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t r a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
trawienie 
	t r a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t r a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
trawienie 
	t r a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	t r a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
trawka 
	t r a f k a 
	t r a v k a
trębacz 
	t r ɛ m b a t͡ʂ 
	t r ɛ~b a t͡ʂ
trędowaty 
	t r ɛ n d ɔ v a t ɨ 
	t r ɛ~d ɔ v a t ɨ
trędowaty 
	t r ɛ n d ɔ v a t ɨ 
	t r ɛ~d ɔ v a t ɨ
trefl 
	t r ɛ f l 
	t r ɛ v l
trefl 
	t r ɛ f l 
	t r ɛ v l
treści 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
treści 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
treści 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
treści 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
treści 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
treści 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
treści 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
treści 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡sʲ i
treść 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
treść 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t r ɛ ɕ t͡ʂ
trójkąt 
	t r u j k ɔ n t 
	t r u j k ɔ̃ t
trójkąt 
	t r u j k ɔ n t 
	t r u j k ɔ̃ t
tropie 
	t r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
tropie 
	t r ɔ pʲ ɛ 
	t r ɔ pʲ i ɛ
tropów 
	t r ɔ p u f 
	t r ɔ p u v
troskę 
	t r ɔ s k ɛ 
	t r ɔ s k ɛ~
trucizna 
	t r u t͡ɕ i z n a 
	t r u t͡sʲ i z n a
trudność 
	t r u d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t r u d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
trudność 
	t r u d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	t r u d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
trudów 
	t r u d u f 
	t r u d u v
trudzie 
	t r u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	t r u d ʑ i ɛ
trudzie 
	t r u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	t r u d ʑ i ɛ
trufla 
	t r u f l a 
	t r u v l a
trupie 
	t r u pʲ ɛ 
	t r u pʲ i ɛ
trupie 
	t r u pʲ ɛ 
	t r u pʲ i ɛ
trupów 
	t r u p u f 
	t r u p u v
truskawka 
	t r u s k a f k a 
	t r u s k a v k a
trwanie 
	t r v a ɲ ɛ 
	t r v a ɲ i ɛ
trwanie 
	t r v a ɲ ɛ 
	t r v a ɲ i ɛ
trwanie 
	t r v a ɲ ɛ 
	t r v a ɲ i ɛ
trzcina 
	t ʂ t͡ɕ i n a 
	t ʂ t͡sʲ i n a
trzmielina 
	t ʂ mʲ ɛ lʲ i n a 
	t ʐ mʲ i ɛ lʲ i n a
trzmiela 
	t ʂ mʲ ɛ l a 
	t ʐ mʲ i ɛ l a
trzmiela 
	t ʂ mʲ ɛ l a 
	t ʐ mʲ i ɛ l a
trzmiele 
	t ʂ mʲ ɛ l ɛ 
	t ʐ mʲ i ɛ l ɛ
trzmiele 
	t ʂ mʲ ɛ l ɛ 
	t ʐ mʲ i ɛ l ɛ
trzmiele 
	t ʂ mʲ ɛ l ɛ 
	t ʐ mʲ i ɛ l ɛ
trzmieli 
	t ʂ mʲ ɛ lʲ i 
	t ʐ mʲ i ɛ lʲ i
trzmiel 
	t ʂ mʲ ɛ l 
	t ʐ mʲ i ɛ l
trzoda 
	t ʂ ɔ d a 
	t ʐ ɔ d a
trzonowiec 
	t ʂ ɔ n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t ʐ ɔ n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
trzonowiec 
	t ʂ ɔ n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t ʐ ɔ n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
trzon 
	t ʂ ɔ n 
	t ʐ ɔ n
trzon 
	t ʂ ɔ n 
	t ʐ ɔ n
trzustką 
	t ʂ u s t k ɔ̃ 
	t ʐ u s t k ɔ̃
trzustka 
	t ʂ u s t k a 
	t ʐ u s t k a
trzykrotka 
	t ʂ ɨ k r ɔ t k a 
	t ʐ ɨ k r ɔ t k a
trzymanie 
	t ʂ ɨ m a ɲ ɛ 
	t ʐ ɨ m a ɲ i ɛ
trzymanie 
	t ʂ ɨ m a ɲ ɛ 
	t ʐ ɨ m a ɲ i ɛ
trzymanie 
	t ʂ ɨ m a ɲ ɛ 
	t ʐ ɨ m a ɲ i ɛ
tukiem 
	t u kʲ ɛ m 
	t u kʲ i ɛ m
tulipanowiec 
	t u lʲ i p a n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t u lʲ i p a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
tulipanowiec 
	t u lʲ i p a n ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	t u lʲ i p a n ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
tułów 
	t u w u f 
	t u w u v
tułów 
	t u w u f 
	t u w u v
tundra 
	t u n d r a 
	t u n t r a
turkawka 
	t u r k a f k a 
	t u r k a v k a
turniej 
	t u r ɲ ɛ j 
	t u r ɲ i ɛ j
turniej 
	t u r ɲ ɛ j 
	t u r ɲ i ɛ j
turów 
	t u r u f 
	t u r u v
twardówka 
	t f a r d u f k a 
	d v a r d u v k a
twaróg 
	t f a r u k 
	d v a r u k
twaróg 
	t f a r u k 
	d v a r u k
twarzach 
	t f a ʐ a x 
	d v a ʐ a x
twarzami 
	t f a ʐ a mʲ i 
	d v a ʐ a mʲ i
twarzą 
	t f a ʐ ɔ̃ 
	d v a ʐ ɔ̃
twarze 
	t f a ʐ ɛ 
	d v a ʐ ɛ
twarze 
	t f a ʐ ɛ 
	d v a ʐ ɛ
twarze 
	t f a ʐ ɛ 
	d v a ʐ ɛ
twarz 
	t f a ʂ 
	d v a ʂ
twarz 
	t f a ʂ 
	d v a ʂ
twarzom 
	t f a ʐ ɔ m 
	d v a ʐ ɔ m
twarzy 
	t f a ʐ ɨ 
	d v a ʐ ɨ
twarzy 
	t f a ʐ ɨ 
	d v a ʐ ɨ
twarzy 
	t f a ʐ ɨ 
	d v a ʐ ɨ
twarzy 
	t f a ʐ ɨ 
	d v a ʐ ɨ
twarzy 
	t f a ʐ ɨ 
	d v a ʐ ɨ
twierdzą 
	t fʲ ɛ r d͡z ɔ̃ 
	d vʲ i ɛ r d z ɔ̃
twierdza 
	t fʲ ɛ r d͡z a 
	d vʲ i ɛ r d z a
twierdzenie 
	t fʲ ɛ r d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d vʲ i ɛ r d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
twierdzenie 
	t fʲ ɛ r d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d vʲ i ɛ r d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
twierdzenie 
	t fʲ ɛ r d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	d vʲ i ɛ r d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
twórca 
	t f u r t͡s a 
	d v u r t͡s a
twór 
	t f u r 
	d v u r
twór 
	t f u r 
	d v u r
tydzień 
	t ɨ d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ 
	t ɨ d ʑ i ɛ ɲ
tydzień 
	t ɨ d͡ʑ ɛ ɲ 
	t ɨ d ʑ i ɛ ɲ
tygodnia 
	t ɨ ɡ ɔ d ɲ a 
	t ɨ g ɔ d ɲ i a
tygodnie 
	t ɨ ɡ ɔ d ɲ ɛ 
	t ɨ g ɔ d ɲ i ɛ
tygodnie 
	t ɨ ɡ ɔ d ɲ ɛ 
	t ɨ g ɔ d ɲ i ɛ
tygodnie 
	t ɨ ɡ ɔ d ɲ ɛ 
	t ɨ g ɔ d ɲ i ɛ
tygodni 
	t ɨ ɡ ɔ d ɲ i 
	t ɨ g ɔ d ɲ i
tygodniu 
	t ɨ ɡ ɔ d ɲ u 
	t ɨ g ɔ d ɲ i u
tygodniu 
	t ɨ ɡ ɔ d ɲ u 
	t ɨ g ɔ d ɲ i u
tygrysica 
	t ɨ ɡ r ɨ ɕ i t͡s a 
	t ɨ k r ɨ ɕ i t͡s a
tygrysie 
	t ɨ ɡ r ɨ ɕ ɛ 
	t ɨ k r ɨ ɕ i ɛ
tygrysie 
	t ɨ ɡ r ɨ ɕ ɛ 
	t ɨ k r ɨ ɕ i ɛ
tygrys 
	t ɨ ɡ r ɨ s 
	t ɨ k r ɨ s
tyłów 
	t ɨ w u f 
	t ɨ w u v
tymianek 
	t ɨ mʲ a n ɛ k 
	t ɨ mʲ i a n ɛ k
tymianek 
	t ɨ mʲ a n ɛ k 
	t ɨ mʲ i a n ɛ k
tyranozaur 
	t ɨ r a n ɔ z a w r 
	t ɨ r a n ɔ z a u r
ubaw 
	u b a f 
	u b a v
ubaw 
	u b a f 
	u b a v
ubezpieczenie 
	u b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ubezpieczenie 
	u b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ubezpieczenie 
	u b ɛ s pʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u b ɛ s pʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
ubrania 
	u b r a ɲ a 
	u p r a ɲ i a
ubrania 
	u b r a ɲ a 
	u p r a ɲ i a
ubrania 
	u b r a ɲ a 
	u p r a ɲ i a
ubrania 
	u b r a ɲ a 
	u p r a ɲ i a
ubranie 
	u b r a ɲ ɛ 
	u p r a ɲ i ɛ
ubranie 
	u b r a ɲ ɛ 
	u p r a ɲ i ɛ
ubranie 
	u b r a ɲ ɛ 
	u p r a ɲ i ɛ
ubrań 
	u b r a ɲ 
	u p r a ɲ
uchodźca 
	u x ɔ t͡ɕ t͡s a 
	u x ɔ d ɕ t͡s a
uchwyt 
	u x f ɨ t 
	u x v ɨ t
uchwyt 
	u x f ɨ t 
	u x v ɨ t
ucieczka 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ k a
ucieczki 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i
ucieczki 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i
ucieczki 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i
ucieczki 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ kʲ i
uciekanie 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ k a ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ k a ɲ i ɛ
uciekanie 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ k a ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ k a ɲ i ɛ
uciekanie 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ k a ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ k a ɲ i ɛ
uciekinier 
	u t͡ɕ ɛ kʲ i ɲ ɛ r 
	u t͡sʲ i ɛ kʲ i ɲ i ɛ r
uczelnia 
	u t͡ʂ ɛ l ɲ a 
	u t͡ʂ ɛ l ɲ i a
uczenie 
	u t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uczenie 
	u t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uczenie 
	u t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uczucia 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡ɕ a 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡sʲ i a
uczucia 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡ɕ a 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡sʲ i a
uczucia 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡ɕ a 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡sʲ i a
uczucia 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡ɕ a 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡sʲ i a
uczucie 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡sʲ i ɛ
uczucie 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡sʲ i ɛ
uczucie 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡ɕ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ u t͡sʲ i ɛ
uczulenie 
	u t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uczulenie 
	u t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uczulenie 
	u t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uderzenie 
	u d ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u d ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uderzenie 
	u d ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u d ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uderzenie 
	u d ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u d ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
udkiem 
	u t kʲ ɛ m 
	u t kʲ i ɛ m
udzie 
	u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	u d ʑ i ɛ
udręka 
	u d r ɛ ŋ k a 
	u t r ɛ~k a
ukośnik 
	u k ɔ ɕ ɲ i k 
	u k ɔ ʑ ɲ i k
ukośnik 
	u k ɔ ɕ ɲ i k 
	u k ɔ ʑ ɲ i k
ulewę 
	u l ɛ v ɛ 
	u l ɛ v ɛ~
ulewie 
	u l ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	u l ɛ vʲ i ɛ
ulewie 
	u l ɛ vʲ ɛ 
	u l ɛ vʲ i ɛ
ulew 
	u l ɛ f 
	u l ɛ v
uldze 
	u l d͡z ɛ 
	u l d z ɛ
uldze 
	u l d͡z ɛ 
	u l d z ɛ
ulgach 
	u l ɡ a x 
	u l g a x
ulgami 
	u l ɡ a mʲ i 
	u l g a mʲ i
ulgą 
	u l ɡ ɔ̃ 
	u l g ɔ̃
ulga 
	u l ɡ a 
	u l g a
ulgę 
	u l ɡ ɛ 
	u l g ɛ~
ulgi 
	u l ɡʲ i 
	u l gʲ i
ulgi 
	u l ɡʲ i 
	u l gʲ i
ulgi 
	u l ɡʲ i 
	u l gʲ i
ulgi 
	u l ɡʲ i 
	u l gʲ i
ulgom 
	u l ɡ ɔ m 
	u l g ɔ m
ulgo 
	u l ɡ ɔ 
	u l g ɔ
ulicę 
	u lʲ i t͡s ɛ 
	u lʲ i t͡s ɛ~
umiar 
	u mʲ a r 
	u mʲ i a r
umiar 
	u mʲ a r 
	u mʲ i a r
umiejętności 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
umiejętności 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
umiejętności 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
umiejętności 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
umiejętności 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
umiejętności 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
umiejętności 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
umiejętności 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
umiejętność 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
umiejętność 
	u mʲ ɛ j ɛ n t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	u mʲ i ɛ j ɛ~d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
umieranie 
	u mʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	u mʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
umieranie 
	u mʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	u mʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
umieranie 
	u mʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	u mʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
umowę 
	u m ɔ v ɛ 
	u m ɔ v ɛ~
umowie 
	u m ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	u m ɔ vʲ i ɛ
umowie 
	u m ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	u m ɔ vʲ i ɛ
umów 
	u m u f 
	u m u v
unia 
	u ɲ j a 
	u ɲ i a
unieważnienie 
	u ɲ ɛ v a ʐ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ɲ i ɛ v a ʐ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
unieważnienie 
	u ɲ ɛ v a ʐ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ɲ i ɛ v a ʐ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
unieważnienie 
	u ɲ ɛ v a ʐ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ɲ i ɛ v a ʐ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uosobienie 
	u ɔ s ɔ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ɔ s ɔ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uosobienie 
	u ɔ s ɔ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ɔ s ɔ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uosobienie 
	u ɔ s ɔ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ɔ s ɔ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
upiora 
	u pʲ ɔ r a 
	u pʲ i ɔ r a
upiora 
	u pʲ ɔ r a 
	u pʲ i ɔ r a
upiór 
	u pʲ u r 
	u pʲ i u r
upiorowi 
	u pʲ ɔ r ɔ vʲ i 
	u pʲ i ɔ r ɔ vʲ i
upokarzanie 
	u p ɔ k a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	u p ɔ k a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
upokarzanie 
	u p ɔ k a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	u p ɔ k a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
upokarzanie 
	u p ɔ k a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	u p ɔ k a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
upokorzenie 
	u p ɔ k ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p ɔ k ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
upokorzenie 
	u p ɔ k ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p ɔ k ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
upokorzenie 
	u p ɔ k ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p ɔ k ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uprowadzenie 
	u p r ɔ v a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p r ɔ v a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uprowadzenie 
	u p r ɔ v a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p r ɔ v a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uprowadzenie 
	u p r ɔ v a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p r ɔ v a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uprząż 
	u p ʂ ɔ̃ ʂ 
	u p ʐ ɔ̃ ʂ
uprząż 
	u p ʂ ɔ̃ ʂ 
	u p ʐ ɔ̃ ʂ
uprzedzenie 
	u p ʂ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p ʐ ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uprzedzenie 
	u p ʂ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p ʐ ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uprzedzenie 
	u p ʂ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u p ʐ ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
urdzik 
	u r d͡ʑ i k 
	u r d ʑ i k
urdzik 
	u r d͡ʑ i k 
	u r d ʑ i k
urodzenie 
	u r ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u r ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
urodzenie 
	u r ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u r ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
urodzenie 
	u r ɔ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u r ɔ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
urząd 
	u ʐ ɔ n t 
	u ʐ ɔ̃ t
urząd 
	u ʐ ɔ n t 
	u ʐ ɔ̃ t
urządzenie 
	u ʐ ɔ n d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ʐ ɔ̃ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
urządzenie 
	u ʐ ɔ n d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ʐ ɔ̃ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
urządzenie 
	u ʐ ɔ n d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ʐ ɔ̃ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
urzędas 
	u ʐ ɛ n d a s 
	u ʐ ɛ~d a s
urzędnik 
	u ʐ ɛ n d ɲ i k 
	u ʐ ɛ~d ɲ i k
usłudze 
	u s w u d͡z ɛ 
	u s w u d z ɛ
usłudze 
	u s w u d͡z ɛ 
	u s w u d z ɛ
usługa 
	u s w u ɡ a 
	u s w u g a
uśmiech 
	u ɕ mʲ ɛ x 
	u ʑ mʲ i ɛ x
uśmiech 
	u ɕ mʲ ɛ x 
	u ʑ mʲ i ɛ x
uśmieszek 
	u ɕ mʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ k 
	u ʑ mʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ k
uśmieszek 
	u ɕ mʲ ɛ ʂ ɛ k 
	u ʑ mʲ i ɛ ʂ ɛ k
ustaw 
	u s t a f 
	u s t a v
ustawce 
	u s t a f t͡s ɛ 
	u s t a v t͡s ɛ
ustawce 
	u s t a f t͡s ɛ 
	u s t a v t͡s ɛ
ustawką 
	u s t a f k ɔ̃ 
	u s t a v k ɔ̃
ustawka 
	u s t a f k a 
	u s t a v k a
ustnik 
	u s t ɲ i k 
	u s d ɲ i k
ustnik 
	u s t ɲ i k 
	u s d ɲ i k
usuwanie 
	u s u v a ɲ ɛ 
	u s u v a ɲ i ɛ
usuwanie 
	u s u v a ɲ ɛ 
	u s u v a ɲ i ɛ
usuwanie 
	u s u v a ɲ ɛ 
	u s u v a ɲ i ɛ
utwór 
	u t f u r 
	u d v u r
utwór 
	u t f u r 
	u d v u r
uwadze 
	u v a d͡z ɛ 
	u v a d z ɛ
uwadze 
	u v a d͡z ɛ 
	u v a d z ɛ
uwagach 
	u v a ɡ a x 
	u v a g a x
uwagami 
	u v a ɡ a mʲ i 
	u v a g a mʲ i
uwagą 
	u v a ɡ ɔ̃ 
	u v a g ɔ̃
uwaga 
	u v a ɡ a 
	u v a g a
uwagę 
	u v a ɡ ɛ 
	u v a g ɛ~
uwagi 
	u v a ɡʲ i 
	u v a gʲ i
uwagi 
	u v a ɡʲ i 
	u v a gʲ i
uwagi 
	u v a ɡʲ i 
	u v a gʲ i
uwagi 
	u v a ɡʲ i 
	u v a gʲ i
uwagom 
	u v a ɡ ɔ m 
	u v a g ɔ m
uwago 
	u v a ɡ ɔ 
	u v a g ɔ
uważanie 
	u v a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	u v a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
uważanie 
	u v a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	u v a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
uważanie 
	u v a ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	u v a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
uwodziciel 
	u v ɔ d͡ʑ i t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	u v ɔ d ʑ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l
uzależnienie 
	u z a l ɛ ʐ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u z a l ɛ ʐ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uzależnienie 
	u z a l ɛ ʐ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u z a l ɛ ʐ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uzależnienie 
	u z a l ɛ ʐ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u z a l ɛ ʐ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uzasadnienie 
	u z a s a d ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u z a s a d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uzasadnienie 
	u z a s a d ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u z a s a d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uzasadnienie 
	u z a s a d ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u z a s a d ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uziemienie 
	u ʑ ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ʑ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uziemienie 
	u ʑ ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ʑ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
uziemienie 
	u ʑ ɛ mʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	u ʑ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
używanie 
	u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
używanie 
	u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
używanie 
	u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	u ʐ ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
wachę 
	v a x ɛ 
	v a x ɛ~
waćpan 
	v a t͡ɕ p a n 
	v a t͡ʂ p a n
wadę 
	v a d ɛ 
	v a d ɛ~
wadzie 
	v a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	v a d ʑ i ɛ
wadzie 
	v a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	v a d ʑ i ɛ
wądołach 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w a x 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w a x
wądołami 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w a mʲ i 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w a mʲ i
wądołem 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w ɛ m 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w ɛ m
wądole 
	v ɔ n d ɔ l ɛ 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ l ɛ
wądole 
	v ɔ n d ɔ l ɛ 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ l ɛ
wądół 
	v ɔ n d u w 
	v ɔ̃ d u w
wądół 
	v ɔ n d u w 
	v ɔ̃ d u w
wądołom 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w ɔ m 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w ɔ m
wądołowi 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w ɔ vʲ i 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w ɔ vʲ i
wądołów 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w u f 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w u v
wądołu 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w u 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w u
wądoły 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w ɨ 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w ɨ
wądoły 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w ɨ 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w ɨ
wądoły 
	v ɔ n d ɔ w ɨ 
	v ɔ̃ d ɔ w ɨ
wągier 
	v ɔ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ r 
	v ɔ̃ gʲ i ɛ r
wągier 
	v ɔ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ r 
	v ɔ̃ gʲ i ɛ r
wagon 
	v a ɡ ɔ n 
	v a g ɔ n
wagon 
	v a ɡ ɔ n 
	v a g ɔ n
wahanie 
	v a x a ɲ ɛ 
	v a x a ɲ i ɛ
wahanie 
	v a x a ɲ ɛ 
	v a x a ɲ i ɛ
wahanie 
	v a x a ɲ ɛ 
	v a x a ɲ i ɛ
walkę 
	v a l k ɛ 
	v a l k ɛ~
wałówka 
	v a w u f k a 
	v a w u v k a
waltornia 
	v a l t ɔ r ɲ a 
	v a l t ɔ r ɲ i a
wanilia 
	v a ɲ i lʲ a 
	v a ɲ i lʲ i a
wapień 
	v a pʲ ɛ ɲ 
	v a pʲ i ɛ ɲ
wapień 
	v a pʲ ɛ ɲ 
	v a pʲ i ɛ ɲ
wapna 
	v a p n a 
	v a b n a
wapna 
	v a p n a 
	v a b n a
wapna 
	v a p n a 
	v a b n a
wapna 
	v a p n a 
	v a b n a
wapnem 
	v a p n ɛ m 
	v a b n ɛ m
wapnie 
	v a p ɲ ɛ 
	v a b ɲ i ɛ
wapno 
	v a p n ɔ 
	v a b n ɔ
wapno 
	v a p n ɔ 
	v a b n ɔ
wapno 
	v a p n ɔ 
	v a b n ɔ
wapnu 
	v a p n u 
	v a b n u
wapnia 
	v a p ɲ a 
	v a b ɲ i a
wapniem 
	v a p ɲ ɛ m 
	v a b ɲ i ɛ m
wapniowi 
	v a p ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	v a b ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
wapniu 
	v a p ɲ u 
	v a b ɲ i u
wapniu 
	v a p ɲ u 
	v a b ɲ i u
wapń 
	v a p ɲ 
	v a b ɲ
wapń 
	v a p ɲ 
	v a b ɲ
wardze 
	v a r d͡z ɛ 
	v a r d z ɛ
wardze 
	v a r d͡z ɛ 
	v a r d z ɛ
wargach 
	v a r ɡ a x 
	v a r g a x
wargami 
	v a r ɡ a mʲ i 
	v a r g a mʲ i
wargą 
	v a r ɡ ɔ̃ 
	v a r g ɔ̃
warga 
	v a r ɡ a 
	v a r g a
wargę 
	v a r ɡ ɛ 
	v a r g ɛ~
wargi 
	v a r ɡʲ i 
	v a r gʲ i
wargi 
	v a r ɡʲ i 
	v a r gʲ i
wargi 
	v a r ɡʲ i 
	v a r gʲ i
wargi 
	v a r ɡʲ i 
	v a r gʲ i
wargom 
	v a r ɡ ɔ m 
	v a r g ɔ m
wargo 
	v a r ɡ ɔ 
	v a r g ɔ
wariat 
	v a rʲ j a t 
	v a rʲ i a t
warkę 
	v a r k ɛ 
	v a r k ɛ~
warstwa 
	v a r s t f a 
	v a r s d v a
warszawie 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ ɛ 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ i ɛ
warszawie 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ ɛ 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ i ɛ
warszawiak 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ a k 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ i a k
warszawianin 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ a ɲ i n 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ i a ɲ i n
warszawianka 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ a n k a 
	v a r ʂ a vʲ i a n k a
warszawka 
	v a r ʂ a f k a 
	v a r ʂ a v k a
wartościach 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a x 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a x
wartościami 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
wartością 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ̃ 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃
wartości 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wartości 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wartości 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wartości 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wartości 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wartości 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wartości 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wartości 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wartościom 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
wartość 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wartość 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
warzyw 
	v a ʐ ɨ f 
	v a ʐ ɨ v
waść 
	v a ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v a ɕ t͡ʂ
waść 
	v a ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v a ɕ t͡ʂ
wąsie 
	v ɔ̃ ɕ ɛ 
	v ɔ̃ ɕ i ɛ
wąsie 
	v ɔ̃ ɕ ɛ 
	v ɔ̃ ɕ i ɛ
wąsów 
	v ɔ̃ s u f 
	v ɔ̃ s u v
waszmość 
	v a ʂ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v a ʐ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
waszmość 
	v a ʂ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v a ʐ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wątek 
	v ɔ n t ɛ k 
	v ɔ̃ t ɛ k
wątek 
	v ɔ n t ɛ k 
	v ɔ̃ t ɛ k
wątkach 
	v ɔ n t k a x 
	v ɔ̃ t k a x
wątkami 
	v ɔ n t k a mʲ i 
	v ɔ̃ t k a mʲ i
wątkiem 
	v ɔ n t kʲ ɛ m 
	v ɔ̃ t kʲ i ɛ m
wątki 
	v ɔ n t kʲ i 
	v ɔ̃ t kʲ i
wątki 
	v ɔ n t kʲ i 
	v ɔ̃ t kʲ i
wątki 
	v ɔ n t kʲ i 
	v ɔ̃ t kʲ i
wątkom 
	v ɔ n t k ɔ m 
	v ɔ̃ t k ɔ m
wątkowi 
	v ɔ n t k ɔ vʲ i 
	v ɔ̃ t k ɔ vʲ i
wątków 
	v ɔ n t k u f 
	v ɔ̃ t k u v
wątku 
	v ɔ n t k u 
	v ɔ̃ t k u
wątku 
	v ɔ n t k u 
	v ɔ̃ t k u
wątku 
	v ɔ n t k u 
	v ɔ̃ t k u
wątpliwości 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wątpliwości 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wątpliwości 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wątpliwości 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wątpliwości 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wątpliwości 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wątpliwości 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wątpliwości 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wątpliwość 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wątpliwość 
	v ɔ n t p lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɔ̃ t b lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wątrobach 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b a x 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b a x
wątrobami 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b a mʲ i 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b a mʲ i
wątroba 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b a 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b a
wątrobę 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b ɛ 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b ɛ~
wątrobie 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
wątrobie 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ bʲ ɛ 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ bʲ i ɛ
wątrób 
	v ɔ n t r u p 
	v ɔ̃ t r u p
wątrobom 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b ɔ m 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b ɔ m
wątrobo 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b ɔ 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b ɔ
wątroby 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b ɨ 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b ɨ
wątroby 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b ɨ 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b ɨ
wątroby 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b ɨ 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b ɨ
wątroby 
	v ɔ n t r ɔ b ɨ 
	v ɔ̃ t r ɔ b ɨ
ważniak 
	v a ʐ ɲ a k 
	v a ʐ ɲ i a k
wężach 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ a x 
	v ɛ~ʐ a x
wężami 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ a mʲ i 
	v ɛ~ʐ a mʲ i
węża 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ a 
	v ɛ~ʐ a
węża 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ a 
	v ɛ~ʐ a
wężem 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ m 
	v ɛ~ʐ ɛ m
węże 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	v ɛ~ʐ ɛ
węże 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	v ɛ~ʐ ɛ
węże 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ ɛ 
	v ɛ~ʐ ɛ
wężom 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ ɔ m 
	v ɛ~ʐ ɔ m
wężowi 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ ɔ vʲ i 
	v ɛ~ʐ ɔ vʲ i
wężu 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ u 
	v ɛ~ʐ u
wężu 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ u 
	v ɛ~ʐ u
węży 
	v ɛ̃ ʐ ɨ 
	v ɛ~ʐ ɨ
wczasy 
	f t͡ʂ a s ɨ 
	v t͡ʂ a s ɨ
wczasy 
	f t͡ʂ a s ɨ 
	v t͡ʂ a s ɨ
wczasy 
	f t͡ʂ a s ɨ 
	v t͡ʂ a s ɨ
wdowie 
	v d ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	v d ɔ vʲ i ɛ
wdowie 
	v d ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	v d ɔ vʲ i ɛ
wdychanie 
	v d ɨ x a ɲ ɛ 
	v d ɨ x a ɲ i ɛ
wdychanie 
	v d ɨ x a ɲ ɛ 
	v d ɨ x a ɲ i ɛ
wdychanie 
	v d ɨ x a ɲ ɛ 
	v d ɨ x a ɲ i ɛ
wdzięczność 
	v d͡ʑ ɛ n t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v d ʑ i ɛ~d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wdzięczność 
	v d͡ʑ ɛ n t͡ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v d ʑ i ɛ~d͡ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
węchem 
	v ɛ̃ x ɛ m 
	v ɛ~x ɛ m
węch 
	v ɛ̃ x 
	v ɛ~x
węch 
	v ɛ̃ x 
	v ɛ~x
węchowi 
	v ɛ̃ x ɔ vʲ i 
	v ɛ~x ɔ vʲ i
węchu 
	v ɛ̃ x u 
	v ɛ~x u
węchu 
	v ɛ̃ x u 
	v ɛ~x u
węchu 
	v ɛ̃ x u 
	v ɛ~x u
wędkarstwo 
	v ɛ n t k a r s t f ɔ 
	v ɛ~t k a r s d v ɔ
wędkarstwo 
	v ɛ n t k a r s t f ɔ 
	v ɛ~t k a r s d v ɔ
wędkarstwo 
	v ɛ n t k a r s t f ɔ 
	v ɛ~t k a r s d v ɔ
wędkarz 
	v ɛ n t k a ʂ 
	v ɛ~t k a ʂ
wędce 
	v ɛ n t t͡s ɛ 
	v ɛ~t t͡s ɛ
wędce 
	v ɛ n t t͡s ɛ 
	v ɛ~t t͡s ɛ
wędek 
	v ɛ n d ɛ k 
	v ɛ~d ɛ k
wędkach 
	v ɛ n t k a x 
	v ɛ~t k a x
wędkami 
	v ɛ n t k a mʲ i 
	v ɛ~t k a mʲ i
wędką 
	v ɛ n t k ɔ̃ 
	v ɛ~t k ɔ̃
wędka 
	v ɛ n t k a 
	v ɛ~t k a
wędkę 
	v ɛ n t k ɛ 
	v ɛ~t k ɛ~
wędki 
	v ɛ n t kʲ i 
	v ɛ~t kʲ i
wędki 
	v ɛ n t kʲ i 
	v ɛ~t kʲ i
wędki 
	v ɛ n t kʲ i 
	v ɛ~t kʲ i
wędki 
	v ɛ n t kʲ i 
	v ɛ~t kʲ i
wędkom 
	v ɛ n t k ɔ m 
	v ɛ~t k ɔ m
wędko 
	v ɛ n t k ɔ 
	v ɛ~t k ɔ
wędlina 
	v ɛ n d lʲ i n a 
	v ɛ~d lʲ i n a
wędrowanie 
	v ɛ n d r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɛ~t r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wędrowanie 
	v ɛ n d r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɛ~t r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wędrowanie 
	v ɛ n d r ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɛ~t r ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wędrowiec 
	v ɛ n d r ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	v ɛ~t r ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
wędrówka 
	v ɛ n d r u f k a 
	v ɛ~t r u v k a
wędzidło 
	v ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	v ɛ~d ʑ i d w ɔ
wędzidło 
	v ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	v ɛ~d ʑ i d w ɔ
wędzidło 
	v ɛ ɲ d͡ʑ i d w ɔ 
	v ɛ~d ʑ i d w ɔ
weekend 
	w i k ɛ n t 
	v ɛ ɛ k ɛ n t
weekend 
	w i k ɛ n t 
	v ɛ ɛ k ɛ n t
weganin 
	v ɛ ɡ a ɲ i n 
	v ɛ g a ɲ i n
weganizm 
	v ɛ ɡ a ɲ i z m 
	v ɛ g a ɲ i z m
weganizm 
	v ɛ ɡ a ɲ i z m 
	v ɛ g a ɲ i z m
wegetarianin 
	v ɛ ɡ ɛ t a rʲ j a ɲ i n 
	v ɛ g ɛ t a rʲ i a ɲ i n
węgiel 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ l 
	v ɛ~gʲ i ɛ l
węgieł 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ w 
	v ɛ~gʲ i ɛ w
węgiel 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ l 
	v ɛ~gʲ i ɛ l
węgieł 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡʲ ɛ w 
	v ɛ~gʲ i ɛ w
węgłach 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w a x 
	v ɛ~g w a x
węgłami 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w a mʲ i 
	v ɛ~g w a mʲ i
węgla 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l a 
	v ɛ~g l a
węgła 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w a 
	v ɛ~g w a
węglem 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ m 
	v ɛ~g l ɛ m
węgłem 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɛ m 
	v ɛ~g w ɛ m
węgle 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ 
	v ɛ~g l ɛ
węgle 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɛ 
	v ɛ~g l ɛ
węgłom 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɔ m 
	v ɛ~g w ɔ m
węglowi 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɔ vʲ i 
	v ɛ~g l ɔ vʲ i
węgłowi 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɔ vʲ i 
	v ɛ~g w ɔ vʲ i
węgłów 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w u f 
	v ɛ~g w u v
węglu 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l u 
	v ɛ~g l u
węglu 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l u 
	v ɛ~g l u
węgły 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɨ 
	v ɛ~g w ɨ
węgły 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɨ 
	v ɛ~g w ɨ
węgły 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɨ 
	v ɛ~g w ɨ
węglan 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l a n 
	v ɛ~g l a n
węglan 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l a n 
	v ɛ~g l a n
węglowodór 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɔ v ɔ d u r 
	v ɛ~g l ɔ v ɔ d u r
węglowodór 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ l ɔ v ɔ d u r 
	v ɛ~g l ɔ v ɔ d u r
węgorz 
	v ɛ ŋ ɡ ɔ ʂ 
	v ɛ~g ɔ ʂ
wejścia 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i a
wejścia 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i a
wejścia 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i a
wejścia 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i a
wejście 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
wejście 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
wejście 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
wejść 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɛ j ɕ t͡ʂ
wełnę 
	v ɛ w n ɛ 
	v ɛ w n ɛ~
wełnie 
	v ɛ w ɲ ɛ 
	v ɛ w ɲ i ɛ
wełnie 
	v ɛ w ɲ ɛ 
	v ɛ w ɲ i ɛ
wersja 
	v ɛ r s j a 
	v ɛ r z j a
western 
	w ɛ s t ɛ r n 
	v ɛ s t ɛ r n
western 
	w ɛ s t ɛ r n 
	v ɛ s t ɛ r n
wszy 
	f ʂ ɨ 
	v ʂ ɨ
wszy 
	f ʂ ɨ 
	v ʂ ɨ
wszy 
	f ʂ ɨ 
	v ʂ ɨ
wszy 
	f ʂ ɨ 
	v ʂ ɨ
wszy 
	f ʂ ɨ 
	v ʂ ɨ
wszy 
	f ʂ ɨ 
	v ʂ ɨ
wszy 
	f ʂ ɨ 
	v ʂ ɨ
wszy 
	f ʂ ɨ 
	v ʂ ɨ
węzeł 
	v ɛ̃ z ɛ w 
	v ɛ~z ɛ w
węzeł 
	v ɛ̃ z ɛ w 
	v ɛ~z ɛ w
węzłach 
	v ɛ̃ z w a x 
	v ɛ~z w a x
węzłami 
	v ɛ̃ z w a mʲ i 
	v ɛ~z w a mʲ i
węzła 
	v ɛ̃ z w a 
	v ɛ~z w a
węzłem 
	v ɛ̃ z w ɛ m 
	v ɛ~z w ɛ m
węźle 
	v ɛ̃ ʑ l ɛ 
	v ɛ~ʑ l ɛ
węźle 
	v ɛ̃ ʑ l ɛ 
	v ɛ~ʑ l ɛ
węzłom 
	v ɛ̃ z w ɔ m 
	v ɛ~z w ɔ m
węzłowi 
	v ɛ̃ z w ɔ vʲ i 
	v ɛ~z w ɔ vʲ i
węzłów 
	v ɛ̃ z w u f 
	v ɛ~z w u v
węzły 
	v ɛ̃ z w ɨ 
	v ɛ~z w ɨ
węzły 
	v ɛ̃ z w ɨ 
	v ɛ~z w ɨ
węzły 
	v ɛ̃ z w ɨ 
	v ɛ~z w ɨ
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomości 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wiadomość 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wiadomość 
	vʲ a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i a d ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wiader 
	vʲ a d ɛ r 
	vʲ i a d ɛ r
wiadrach 
	vʲ a d r a x 
	vʲ i a t r a x
wiadrami 
	vʲ a d r a mʲ i 
	vʲ i a t r a mʲ i
wiadra 
	vʲ a d r a 
	vʲ i a t r a
wiadra 
	vʲ a d r a 
	vʲ i a t r a
wiadra 
	vʲ a d r a 
	vʲ i a t r a
wiadra 
	vʲ a d r a 
	vʲ i a t r a
wiadrem 
	vʲ a d r ɛ m 
	vʲ i a t r ɛ m
wiadrom 
	vʲ a d r ɔ m 
	vʲ i a t r ɔ m
wiadro 
	vʲ a d r ɔ 
	vʲ i a t r ɔ
wiadro 
	vʲ a d r ɔ 
	vʲ i a t r ɔ
wiadro 
	vʲ a d r ɔ 
	vʲ i a t r ɔ
wiadru 
	vʲ a d r u 
	vʲ i a t r u
wiadrze 
	vʲ a d ʐ ɛ 
	vʲ i a d ʐ ɛ
wianek 
	vʲ a n ɛ k 
	vʲ i a n ɛ k
wianek 
	vʲ a n ɛ k 
	vʲ i a n ɛ k
wiana 
	vʲ a n a 
	vʲ i a n a
wiana 
	vʲ a n a 
	vʲ i a n a
wiana 
	vʲ a n a 
	vʲ i a n a
wiana 
	vʲ a n a 
	vʲ i a n a
wianem 
	vʲ a n ɛ m 
	vʲ i a n ɛ m
wianie 
	vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
wian 
	vʲ a n 
	vʲ i a n
wiano 
	vʲ a n ɔ 
	vʲ i a n ɔ
wiano 
	vʲ a n ɔ 
	vʲ i a n ɔ
wiano 
	vʲ a n ɔ 
	vʲ i a n ɔ
wianu 
	vʲ a n u 
	vʲ i a n u
wiarą 
	vʲ a r ɔ̃ 
	vʲ i a r ɔ̃
wiara 
	vʲ a r a 
	vʲ i a r a
wiarę 
	vʲ a r ɛ 
	vʲ i a r ɛ~
wiaro 
	vʲ a r ɔ 
	vʲ i a r ɔ
wiary 
	vʲ a r ɨ 
	vʲ i a r ɨ
wiary 
	vʲ a r ɨ 
	vʲ i a r ɨ
wiary 
	vʲ a r ɨ 
	vʲ i a r ɨ
wiary 
	vʲ a r ɨ 
	vʲ i a r ɨ
wierze 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ
wierze 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ
wiarygodność 
	vʲ a r ɨ ɡ ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i a r ɨ g ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wiarygodność 
	vʲ a r ɨ ɡ ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i a r ɨ g ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wiaterek 
	vʲ a t ɛ r ɛ k 
	vʲ i a t ɛ r ɛ k
wiaterek 
	vʲ a t ɛ r ɛ k 
	vʲ i a t ɛ r ɛ k
wiatrem 
	vʲ a t r ɛ m 
	vʲ i a t r ɛ m
wiatr 
	vʲ a t r 
	vʲ i a t r
wiatr 
	vʲ a t r 
	vʲ i a t r
wiatrowi 
	vʲ a t r ɔ vʲ i 
	vʲ i a t r ɔ vʲ i
wiatru 
	vʲ a t r u 
	vʲ i a t r u
wietrze 
	vʲ ɛ t ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ
wietrze 
	vʲ ɛ t ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ t ʐ ɛ
wiązówka 
	vʲ ɔ̃ z u f k a 
	vʲ i ɔ̃ z u v k a
wiąz 
	vʲ ɔ̃ s 
	vʲ i ɔ̃ s
wiąz 
	vʲ ɔ̃ s 
	vʲ i ɔ̃ s
wibrafon 
	vʲ i b r a f ɔ n 
	vʲ i p r a f ɔ n
wibrafon 
	vʲ i b r a f ɔ n 
	vʲ i p r a f ɔ n
wibrator 
	vʲ i b r a t ɔ r 
	vʲ i p r a t ɔ r
wibrator 
	vʲ i b r a t ɔ r 
	vʲ i p r a t ɔ r
wichrze 
	vʲ i x ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i x ʐ ɛ
wichrze 
	vʲ i x ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i x ʐ ɛ
wichurę 
	vʲ i x u r ɛ 
	vʲ i x u r ɛ~
wiciokrzew 
	vʲ i t͡ɕ ɔ k ʂ ɛ f 
	vʲ i t͡sʲ i ɔ k ʐ ɛ v
wiciokrzew 
	vʲ i t͡ɕ ɔ k ʂ ɛ f 
	vʲ i t͡sʲ i ɔ k ʐ ɛ v
widnokrąg 
	vʲ i d n ɔ k r ɔ ŋ k 
	vʲ i d n ɔ k r ɔ̃ k
widnokrąg 
	vʲ i d n ɔ k r ɔ ŋ k 
	vʲ i d n ɔ k r ɔ̃ k
widownia 
	vʲ i d ɔ v ɲ a 
	vʲ i d ɔ v ɲ i a
widzenia 
	vʲ i d͡z ɛ ɲ a 
	vʲ i d z ɛ ɲ i a
widzenia 
	vʲ i d͡z ɛ ɲ a 
	vʲ i d z ɛ ɲ i a
widzenia 
	vʲ i d͡z ɛ ɲ a 
	vʲ i d z ɛ ɲ i a
widzenia 
	vʲ i d͡z ɛ ɲ a 
	vʲ i d z ɛ ɲ i a
widzenie 
	vʲ i d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
widzenie 
	vʲ i d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
widzenie 
	vʲ i d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wiecheć 
	vʲ ɛ x ɛ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ x ɛ t͡ʂ
wiecheć 
	vʲ ɛ x ɛ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ x ɛ t͡ʂ
więcierz 
	vʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ ʂ 
	vʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ ʂ
więcierz 
	vʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ ʂ 
	vʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ ʂ
wiecach 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s a x 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s a x
wiecami 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s a mʲ i
wiecem 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ m
wiece 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ
wiece 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ
wiece 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɛ
wiec 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s
wiec 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s
wiecom 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s ɔ m
wiecu 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s u 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s u
wiecu 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s u 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s u
wiecu 
	vʲ ɛ t͡s u 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡s u
wieczorem 
	vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ r ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ r ɛ m
wieczór 
	vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ u r 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ u r
wieczór 
	vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ u r 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ u r
wieczoru 
	vʲ ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ r u 
	vʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ ɔ r u
wiedźma 
	vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ m a 
	vʲ i ɛ d ʑ m a
wiedźmy 
	vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ m ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ d ʑ m ɨ
wiedźmy 
	vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ m ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ d ʑ m ɨ
wiedźmy 
	vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ m ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ d ʑ m ɨ
wiedźmy 
	vʲ ɛ d͡ʑ m ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ d ʑ m ɨ
wiekach 
	vʲ ɛ k a x 
	vʲ i ɛ k a x
wiekami 
	vʲ ɛ k a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ k a mʲ i
wieka 
	vʲ ɛ k a 
	vʲ i ɛ k a
wieka 
	vʲ ɛ k a 
	vʲ i ɛ k a
wieka 
	vʲ ɛ k a 
	vʲ i ɛ k a
wieka 
	vʲ ɛ k a 
	vʲ i ɛ k a
wiekiem 
	vʲ ɛ kʲ ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ m
wiek 
	vʲ ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɛ k
wiekom 
	vʲ ɛ k ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɛ k ɔ m
wieko 
	vʲ ɛ k ɔ 
	vʲ i ɛ k ɔ
wieko 
	vʲ ɛ k ɔ 
	vʲ i ɛ k ɔ
wieko 
	vʲ ɛ k ɔ 
	vʲ i ɛ k ɔ
wieku 
	vʲ ɛ k u 
	vʲ i ɛ k u
wieku 
	vʲ ɛ k u 
	vʲ i ɛ k u
większości 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
większości 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
większości 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
większości 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
większości 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
większości 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
większości 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
większości 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
większość 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
większość 
	vʲ ɛ ŋ k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ~k ʂ ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wiekach 
	vʲ ɛ k a x 
	vʲ i ɛ k a x
wiekami 
	vʲ ɛ k a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ k a mʲ i
wiekiem 
	vʲ ɛ kʲ ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɛ kʲ i ɛ m
wieki 
	vʲ ɛ kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ kʲ i
wieki 
	vʲ ɛ kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ kʲ i
wieki 
	vʲ ɛ kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ kʲ i
wiek 
	vʲ ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɛ k
wiek 
	vʲ ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɛ k
wiekom 
	vʲ ɛ k ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɛ k ɔ m
wiekowi 
	vʲ ɛ k ɔ vʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ k ɔ vʲ i
wieków 
	vʲ ɛ k u f 
	vʲ i ɛ k u v
wieku 
	vʲ ɛ k u 
	vʲ i ɛ k u
wieku 
	vʲ ɛ k u 
	vʲ i ɛ k u
wieku 
	vʲ ɛ k u 
	vʲ i ɛ k u
wielbłąd 
	vʲ ɛ l b w ɔ n t 
	vʲ i ɛ l b w ɔ̃ t
wielbłądzie 
	vʲ ɛ l b w ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ l b w ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
wielbłądzie 
	vʲ ɛ l b w ɔ ɲ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ l b w ɔ̃ d ʑ i ɛ
wielkości 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wielkości 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wielkości 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wielkości 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wielkości 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wielkości 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wielkości 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wielkości 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wielkość 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wielkość 
	vʲ ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ l k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wielobok 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ b ɔ k 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ b ɔ k
wielobok 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ b ɔ k 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ b ɔ k
wielokąt 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ k ɔ n t 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ k ɔ̃ t
wielokąt 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ k ɔ n t 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ k ɔ̃ t
wielokropek 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ k r ɔ p ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ k r ɔ p ɛ k
wielokropek 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ k r ɔ p ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ k r ɔ p ɛ k
wielomian 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ mʲ a n 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ mʲ i a n
wielomian 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ mʲ a n 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ mʲ i a n
wieloryb 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ r ɨ p 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ r ɨ p
wielościan 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
wielościan 
	vʲ ɛ l ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ a n 
	vʲ i ɛ l ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i a n
wieniec 
	vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
wieniec 
	vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
wieprzowina 
	vʲ ɛ p ʂ ɔ vʲ i n a 
	vʲ i ɛ p ʐ ɔ vʲ i n a
wieprz 
	vʲ ɛ p ʂ 
	vʲ i ɛ p ʂ
wierchuszka 
	vʲ ɛ r x u ʂ k a 
	vʲ i ɛ r x u ʂ k a
wierność 
	vʲ ɛ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wierność 
	vʲ ɛ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wierszach 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ a x 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ a x
wierszami 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ a mʲ i
wierszą 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɔ̃ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɔ̃
wiersza 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ a 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ a
wiersze 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɛ
wierszę 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɛ~
wiersze 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɛ
wiersze 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɛ
wiersz 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ
wierszom 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɔ m
wierszy 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɨ
wierszy 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɨ
wierszy 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɨ
wierszach 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ a x 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ a x
wierszami 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ a mʲ i
wiersza 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ a 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ a
wiersze 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɛ
wiersze 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɛ
wiersze 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɛ
wiersz 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ
wiersz 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ
wierszom 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɔ m
wierszy 
	vʲ ɛ r ʂ ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ r ʂ ɨ
wiertarka 
	vʲ ɛ r t a r k a 
	vʲ i ɛ r t a r k a
wierteł 
	vʲ ɛ r t ɛ w 
	vʲ i ɛ r t ɛ w
wiertła 
	vʲ ɛ r t w a 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w a
wiertła 
	vʲ ɛ r t w a 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w a
wiertła 
	vʲ ɛ r t w a 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w a
wiertła 
	vʲ ɛ r t w a 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w a
wiertłem 
	vʲ ɛ r t w ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w ɛ m
wiertle 
	vʲ ɛ r t l ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ r d l ɛ
wiertłom 
	vʲ ɛ r t w ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w ɔ m
wiertło 
	vʲ ɛ r t w ɔ 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w ɔ
wiertło 
	vʲ ɛ r t w ɔ 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w ɔ
wiertło 
	vʲ ɛ r t w ɔ 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w ɔ
wiertłu 
	vʲ ɛ r t w u 
	vʲ i ɛ r t w u
wierzący 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ n t͡s ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ̃ t͡s ɨ
wierzący 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ n t͡s ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ̃ t͡s ɨ
wierzący 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ n t͡s ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ̃ t͡s ɨ
wierzący 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ n t͡s ɨ 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ̃ t͡s ɨ
wierzba 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ b a 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ b a
wierzbownica 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ b ɔ v ɲ i t͡s a 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ b ɔ v ɲ i t͡s a
wierzchowcem 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɔ f t͡s ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɔ v t͡s ɛ m
wierzchowiec 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
wierzchem 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɛ m
wierzch 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x
wierzch 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x
wierzchowi 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x ɔ vʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x ɔ vʲ i
wierzchu 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x u 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x u
wierzchu 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x u 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x u
wierzchu 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ x u 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ x u
wierzyciel 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ l
wiesiołek 
	vʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ w ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ w ɛ k
wiesiołek 
	vʲ ɛ ɕ ɔ w ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɛ ɕ i ɔ w ɛ k
wieśniak 
	vʲ ɛ ɕ ɲ a k 
	vʲ i ɛ ʑ ɲ i a k
wieś 
	vʲ ɛ ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ ɕ
wieś 
	vʲ ɛ ɕ 
	vʲ i ɛ ɕ
wsiach 
	f ɕ a x 
	v ɕ i a x
wsiami 
	f ɕ a mʲ i 
	v ɕ i a mʲ i
wsią 
	f ɕ ɔ̃ 
	v ɕ i ɔ̃
wsie 
	f ɕ ɛ 
	v ɕ i ɛ
wsie 
	f ɕ ɛ 
	v ɕ i ɛ
wsie 
	f ɕ ɛ 
	v ɕ i ɛ
wsi 
	f ɕ i 
	v ɕ i
wsi 
	f ɕ i 
	v ɕ i
wsi 
	f ɕ i 
	v ɕ i
wsi 
	f ɕ i 
	v ɕ i
wsi 
	f ɕ i 
	v ɕ i
wsiom 
	f ɕ ɔ m 
	v ɕ i ɔ m
wieszczyk 
	vʲ ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ k 
	vʲ i ɛ ʂ t͡ʂ ɨ k
wietnamiec 
	vʲ ɛ t n a mʲ ɛ t͡s 
	vʲ i ɛ d n a mʲ i ɛ t͡s
wiewiórce 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r t͡s ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r t͡s ɛ
wiewiórce 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r t͡s ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r t͡s ɛ
wiewiórek 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r ɛ k
wiewiórkach 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r k a x 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r k a x
wiewiórkami 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r k a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r k a mʲ i
wiewiórką 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r k ɔ̃ 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r k ɔ̃
wiewiórka 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r k a 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r k a
wiewiórkę 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r k ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r k ɛ~
wiewiórki 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r kʲ i
wiewiórki 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r kʲ i
wiewiórki 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r kʲ i
wiewiórki 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r kʲ i
wiewiórkom 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r k ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r k ɔ m
wiewiórko 
	vʲ ɛ vʲ u r k ɔ 
	vʲ i ɛ vʲ i u r k ɔ
więzieniem 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
więzienie 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
więzienie 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
więzienie 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
więzieniu 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ ɲ u 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ i ɛ ɲ i u
więzieniu 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ ɲ u 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ i ɛ ɲ i u
więzień 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ ɲ 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ i ɛ ɲ
więzień 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɛ ɲ 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ i ɛ ɲ
więźniów 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɲ u f 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i u v
więźniów 
	vʲ ɛ̃ ʑ ɲ u f 
	vʲ i ɛ~ʑ ɲ i u v
wieżowiec 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
wieżowiec 
	vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
wigwam 
	vʲ i ɡ v a m 
	vʲ i g v a m
wigwam 
	vʲ i ɡ v a m 
	vʲ i g v a m
wiklina 
	vʲ i k lʲ i n a 
	vʲ i g lʲ i n a
wiktoria 
	vʲ i k t ɔ rʲ j a 
	vʲ i k t ɔ rʲ i a
wiłę 
	vʲ i w ɛ 
	vʲ i w ɛ~
wildze 
	vʲ i l d͡z ɛ 
	vʲ i l d z ɛ
wildze 
	vʲ i l d͡z ɛ 
	vʲ i l d z ɛ
wilgach 
	vʲ i l ɡ a x 
	vʲ i l g a x
wilgami 
	vʲ i l ɡ a mʲ i 
	vʲ i l g a mʲ i
wilgą 
	vʲ i l ɡ ɔ̃ 
	vʲ i l g ɔ̃
wilga 
	vʲ i l ɡ a 
	vʲ i l g a
wilgę 
	vʲ i l ɡ ɛ 
	vʲ i l g ɛ~
wilgi 
	vʲ i l ɡʲ i 
	vʲ i l gʲ i
wilgi 
	vʲ i l ɡʲ i 
	vʲ i l gʲ i
wilgi 
	vʲ i l ɡʲ i 
	vʲ i l gʲ i
wilgi 
	vʲ i l ɡʲ i 
	vʲ i l gʲ i
wilgom 
	vʲ i l ɡ ɔ m 
	vʲ i l g ɔ m
wilgo 
	vʲ i l ɡ ɔ 
	vʲ i l g ɔ
wilgotność 
	vʲ i l ɡ ɔ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i l g ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wilgotność 
	vʲ i l ɡ ɔ t n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	vʲ i l g ɔ d n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wilkiem 
	vʲ i l kʲ ɛ m 
	vʲ i l kʲ i ɛ m
wilków 
	vʲ i l k u f 
	vʲ i l k u v
winogrono 
	vʲ i n ɔ ɡ r ɔ n ɔ 
	vʲ i n ɔ k r ɔ n ɔ
winogrono 
	vʲ i n ɔ ɡ r ɔ n ɔ 
	vʲ i n ɔ k r ɔ n ɔ
winogrono 
	vʲ i n ɔ ɡ r ɔ n ɔ 
	vʲ i n ɔ k r ɔ n ɔ
winorośl 
	vʲ i n ɔ r ɔ ɕ l 
	vʲ i n ɔ r ɔ ʑ l
winorośl 
	vʲ i n ɔ r ɔ ɕ l 
	vʲ i n ɔ r ɔ ʑ l
winie 
	vʲ i ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɲ i ɛ
wiochach 
	vʲ ɔ x a x 
	vʲ i ɔ x a x
wiochami 
	vʲ ɔ x a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɔ x a mʲ i
wiochą 
	vʲ ɔ x ɔ̃ 
	vʲ i ɔ x ɔ̃
wiocha 
	vʲ ɔ x a 
	vʲ i ɔ x a
wiochę 
	vʲ ɔ x ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ x ɛ~
wioch 
	vʲ ɔ x 
	vʲ i ɔ x
wiochom 
	vʲ ɔ x ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɔ x ɔ m
wiocho 
	vʲ ɔ x ɔ 
	vʲ i ɔ x ɔ
wiochy 
	vʲ ɔ x ɨ 
	vʲ i ɔ x ɨ
wiochy 
	vʲ ɔ x ɨ 
	vʲ i ɔ x ɨ
wiochy 
	vʲ ɔ x ɨ 
	vʲ i ɔ x ɨ
wiochy 
	vʲ ɔ x ɨ 
	vʲ i ɔ x ɨ
wiosze 
	vʲ ɔ ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ ʂ ɛ
wiosze 
	vʲ ɔ ʂ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ ʂ ɛ
wiolonczela 
	vʲ ɔ l ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ l a 
	vʲ i ɔ l ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ l a
wiorsta 
	vʲ ɔ r s t a 
	vʲ i ɔ r s t a
wiosce 
	vʲ ɔ s t͡s ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ s t͡s ɛ
wiosce 
	vʲ ɔ s t͡s ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ s t͡s ɛ
wiosek 
	vʲ ɔ s ɛ k 
	vʲ i ɔ s ɛ k
wioskach 
	vʲ ɔ s k a x 
	vʲ i ɔ s k a x
wioskami 
	vʲ ɔ s k a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɔ s k a mʲ i
wioską 
	vʲ ɔ s k ɔ̃ 
	vʲ i ɔ s k ɔ̃
wioska 
	vʲ ɔ s k a 
	vʲ i ɔ s k a
wioskę 
	vʲ ɔ s k ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ s k ɛ~
wioski 
	vʲ ɔ s kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɔ s kʲ i
wioski 
	vʲ ɔ s kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɔ s kʲ i
wioski 
	vʲ ɔ s kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɔ s kʲ i
wioski 
	vʲ ɔ s kʲ i 
	vʲ i ɔ s kʲ i
wioskom 
	vʲ ɔ s k ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɔ s k ɔ m
wiosko 
	vʲ ɔ s k ɔ 
	vʲ i ɔ s k ɔ
wiosłowanie 
	vʲ ɔ s w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ s w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wiosłowanie 
	vʲ ɔ s w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ s w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wiosłowanie 
	vʲ ɔ s w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ s w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wioseł 
	vʲ ɔ s ɛ w 
	vʲ i ɔ s ɛ w
wiosłach 
	vʲ ɔ s w a x 
	vʲ i ɔ s w a x
wiosłami 
	vʲ ɔ s w a mʲ i 
	vʲ i ɔ s w a mʲ i
wiosła 
	vʲ ɔ s w a 
	vʲ i ɔ s w a
wiosła 
	vʲ ɔ s w a 
	vʲ i ɔ s w a
wiosła 
	vʲ ɔ s w a 
	vʲ i ɔ s w a
wiosła 
	vʲ ɔ s w a 
	vʲ i ɔ s w a
wiosłem 
	vʲ ɔ s w ɛ m 
	vʲ i ɔ s w ɛ m
wiośle 
	vʲ ɔ ɕ l ɛ 
	vʲ i ɔ ʑ l ɛ
wiosłom 
	vʲ ɔ s w ɔ m 
	vʲ i ɔ s w ɔ m
wiosło 
	vʲ ɔ s w ɔ 
	vʲ i ɔ s w ɔ
wiosło 
	vʲ ɔ s w ɔ 
	vʲ i ɔ s w ɔ
wiosło 
	vʲ ɔ s w ɔ 
	vʲ i ɔ s w ɔ
wiosłu 
	vʲ ɔ s w u 
	vʲ i ɔ s w u
wirów 
	vʲ i r u f 
	vʲ i r u v
wisienka 
	vʲ i ɕ ɛ n k a 
	vʲ i ɕ i ɛ n k a
wiśnia 
	vʲ i ɕ ɲ a 
	vʲ i ʑ ɲ i a
wizę 
	vʲ i z ɛ 
	vʲ i z ɛ~
wizie 
	vʲ i ʑ ɛ 
	vʲ i ʑ i ɛ
wizie 
	vʲ i ʑ ɛ 
	vʲ i ʑ i ɛ
wizytę 
	vʲ i z ɨ t ɛ 
	vʲ i z ɨ t ɛ~
wizytówka 
	vʲ i z ɨ t u f k a 
	vʲ i z ɨ t u v k a
wjazd 
	vʲ j a s t 
	v j a s t
wjazd 
	vʲ j a s t 
	v j a s t
wkręt 
	f k r ɛ n t 
	v k r ɛ~t
wkręt 
	f k r ɛ n t 
	v k r ɛ~t
włączanie 
	v w ɔ n t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
włączanie 
	v w ɔ n t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
włączanie 
	v w ɔ n t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
władze 
	v w a d͡z ɛ 
	v w a d z ɛ
władzę 
	v w a d͡z ɛ 
	v w a d z ɛ~
władze 
	v w a d͡z ɛ 
	v w a d z ɛ
władze 
	v w a d͡z ɛ 
	v w a d z ɛ
władzy 
	v w a d͡z ɨ 
	v w a d z ɨ
władzy 
	v w a d͡z ɨ 
	v w a d z ɨ
władzy 
	v w a d͡z ɨ 
	v w a d z ɨ
włamanie 
	v w a m a ɲ ɛ 
	v w a m a ɲ i ɛ
włamanie 
	v w a m a ɲ ɛ 
	v w a m a ɲ i ɛ
włamanie 
	v w a m a ɲ ɛ 
	v w a m a ɲ i ɛ
właścicielem 
	v w a ɕ t͡ɕ i t͡ɕ ɛ l ɛ m 
	v w a ɕ t͡sʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l ɛ m
właściciel 
	v w a ɕ t͡ɕ i t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	v w a ɕ t͡sʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l
właściwość 
	v w a ɕ t͡ɕ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v w a ɕ t͡sʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
właściwość 
	v w a ɕ t͡ɕ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v w a ɕ t͡sʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
własność 
	v w a s n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v w a z n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
własność 
	v w a s n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v w a z n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
włócznia 
	v w u t͡ʂ ɲ a 
	v w u d͡ʐ ɲ i a
włókien 
	v w u kʲ ɛ n 
	v w u kʲ i ɛ n
włókna 
	v w u k n a 
	v w u g n a
włókna 
	v w u k n a 
	v w u g n a
włókna 
	v w u k n a 
	v w u g n a
włókna 
	v w u k n a 
	v w u g n a
włókno 
	v w u k n ɔ 
	v w u g n ɔ
włókno 
	v w u k n ɔ 
	v w u g n ɔ
włókno 
	v w u k n ɔ 
	v w u g n ɔ
włość 
	v w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
włość 
	v w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
włosienica 
	v w ɔ ɕ ɛ ɲ i t͡s a 
	v w ɔ ɕ i ɛ ɲ i t͡s a
włosie 
	v w ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	v w ɔ ɕ i ɛ
włosie 
	v w ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	v w ɔ ɕ i ɛ
włosie 
	v w ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	v w ɔ ɕ i ɛ
włosie 
	v w ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	v w ɔ ɕ i ɛ
włosie 
	v w ɔ ɕ ɛ 
	v w ɔ ɕ i ɛ
włosów 
	v w ɔ s u f 
	v w ɔ s u v
wnętrze 
	v n ɛ n t ʂ ɛ 
	v n ɛ~t ʐ ɛ
wnętrze 
	v n ɛ n t ʂ ɛ 
	v n ɛ~t ʐ ɛ
wnętrze 
	v n ɛ n t ʂ ɛ 
	v n ɛ~t ʐ ɛ
wnętrzności 
	v n ɛ n t ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v n ɛ~t ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wnętrzności 
	v n ɛ n t ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v n ɛ~t ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wnętrzności 
	v n ɛ n t ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v n ɛ~t ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wnętrzności 
	v n ɛ n t ʂ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v n ɛ~t ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wniosek 
	v ɲ ɔ s ɛ k 
	v ɲ i ɔ s ɛ k
wniosek 
	v ɲ ɔ s ɛ k 
	v ɲ i ɔ s ɛ k
wnuczę 
	v n u t͡ʂ ɛ 
	v n u t͡ʂ ɛ~
wnuczę 
	v n u t͡ʂ ɛ 
	v n u t͡ʂ ɛ~
wnuczę 
	v n u t͡ʂ ɛ 
	v n u t͡ʂ ɛ~
wódę 
	v u d ɛ 
	v u d ɛ~
wódzie 
	v u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	v u d ʑ i ɛ
wódzie 
	v u d͡ʑ ɛ 
	v u d ʑ i ɛ
wodociąg 
	v ɔ d ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	v ɔ d ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
wodociąg 
	v ɔ d ɔ t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	v ɔ d ɔ t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
wodzach 
	v ɔ d͡z a x 
	v ɔ d z a x
wodzami 
	v ɔ d͡z a mʲ i 
	v ɔ d z a mʲ i
wodze 
	v ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	v ɔ d z ɛ
wodze 
	v ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	v ɔ d z ɛ
wodze 
	v ɔ d͡z ɛ 
	v ɔ d z ɛ
wodzom 
	v ɔ d͡z ɔ m 
	v ɔ d z ɔ m
wodzy 
	v ɔ d͡z ɨ 
	v ɔ d z ɨ
wodzach 
	v ɔ d͡z a x 
	v ɔ d z a x
wodzami 
	v ɔ d͡z a mʲ i 
	v ɔ d z a mʲ i
wodza 
	v ɔ d͡z a 
	v ɔ d z a
wodza 
	v ɔ d͡z a 
	v ɔ d z a
wodzem 
	v ɔ d͡z ɛ m 
	v ɔ d z ɛ m
wódz 
	v u t͡s 
	v u t s
wodzom 
	v ɔ d͡z ɔ m 
	v ɔ d z ɔ m
wodzowie 
	v ɔ d͡z ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	v ɔ d z ɔ vʲ i ɛ
wodzowie 
	v ɔ d͡z ɔ vʲ ɛ 
	v ɔ d z ɔ vʲ i ɛ
wodzów 
	v ɔ d͡z u f 
	v ɔ d z u v
wodzów 
	v ɔ d͡z u f 
	v ɔ d z u v
wodzu 
	v ɔ d͡z u 
	v ɔ d z u
wodzu 
	v ɔ d͡z u 
	v ɔ d z u
województwo 
	v ɔ j ɛ v u t͡s t f ɔ 
	v ɔ j ɛ v u d s d v ɔ
województwo 
	v ɔ j ɛ v u t͡s t f ɔ 
	v ɔ j ɛ v u d s d v ɔ
województwo 
	v ɔ j ɛ v u t͡s t f ɔ 
	v ɔ j ɛ v u d s d v ɔ
wojnę 
	v ɔ j n ɛ 
	v ɔ j n ɛ~
wojnie 
	v ɔ j ɲ ɛ 
	v ɔ j ɲ i ɛ
wojnie 
	v ɔ j ɲ ɛ 
	v ɔ j ɲ i ɛ
wolę 
	v ɔ l ɛ 
	v ɔ l ɛ~
wołów 
	v ɔ w u f 
	v ɔ w u v
woniach 
	v ɔ ɲ a x 
	v ɔ ɲ i a x
woniami 
	v ɔ ɲ a mʲ i 
	v ɔ ɲ i a mʲ i
wonią 
	v ɔ ɲ ɔ̃ 
	v ɔ ɲ i ɔ̃
wonie 
	v ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɔ ɲ i ɛ
wonie 
	v ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɔ ɲ i ɛ
wonie 
	v ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɔ ɲ i ɛ
woniom 
	v ɔ ɲ ɔ m 
	v ɔ ɲ i ɔ m
worów 
	v ɔ r u f 
	v ɔ r u v
woskówka 
	v ɔ s k u f k a 
	v ɔ s k u v k a
wozówka 
	v ɔ z u f k a 
	v ɔ z u v k a
wozie 
	v ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	v ɔ ʑ i ɛ
wozie 
	v ɔ ʑ ɛ 
	v ɔ ʑ i ɛ
wozów 
	v ɔ z u f 
	v ɔ z u v
wpierdol 
	f pʲ ɛ r d ɔ l 
	v pʲ i ɛ r d ɔ l
wpływania 
	f p w ɨ v a ɲ a 
	v p w ɨ v a ɲ i a
wpływaniem 
	f p w ɨ v a ɲ ɛ m 
	v p w ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ m
wpływanie 
	f p w ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v p w ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
wpływanie 
	f p w ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v p w ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
wpływanie 
	f p w ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v p w ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
wpływaniu 
	f p w ɨ v a ɲ u 
	v p w ɨ v a ɲ i u
wpływaniu 
	f p w ɨ v a ɲ u 
	v p w ɨ v a ɲ i u
wpływ 
	f p w ɨ f 
	v p w ɨ v
wpływ 
	f p w ɨ f 
	v p w ɨ v
wrażeniem 
	v r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ m 
	v r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ m
wrażenie 
	v r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wrażenie 
	v r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wrażenie 
	v r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wroga 
	v r ɔ ɡ a 
	v r ɔ g a
wroga 
	v r ɔ ɡ a 
	v r ɔ g a
wrogiem 
	v r ɔ ɡʲ ɛ m 
	v r ɔ gʲ i ɛ m
wrogów 
	v r ɔ ɡ u f 
	v r ɔ g u v
wrogów 
	v r ɔ ɡ u f 
	v r ɔ g u v
wronę 
	v r ɔ n ɛ 
	v r ɔ n ɛ~
wronie 
	v r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	v r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
wronie 
	v r ɔ ɲ ɛ 
	v r ɔ ɲ i ɛ
wrzątek 
	v ʐ ɔ n t ɛ k 
	v ʐ ɔ̃ t ɛ k
wrzątek 
	v ʐ ɔ n t ɛ k 
	v ʐ ɔ̃ t ɛ k
wrzecion 
	v ʐ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ n 
	v ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ n
wrzeciono 
	v ʐ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ n ɔ 
	v ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ n ɔ
wrzeciono 
	v ʐ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ n ɔ 
	v ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ n ɔ
wrzeciono 
	v ʐ ɛ t͡ɕ ɔ n ɔ 
	v ʐ ɛ t͡sʲ i ɔ n ɔ
wrzesień 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ i ɛ ɲ
wrzesień 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ i ɛ ɲ
wrześniach 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ a x 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i a x
wrześniami 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ a mʲ i 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i a mʲ i
września 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ a 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i a
wrześniem 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ ɛ m 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i ɛ m
wrześnie 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i ɛ
wrześnie 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i ɛ
wrześnie 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ ɛ 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i ɛ
wrześni 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ i 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i
wrześniom 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ ɔ m 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i ɔ m
wrześniowi 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ ɔ vʲ i 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i ɔ vʲ i
wrześniu 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ u 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i u
wrześniu 
	v ʐ ɛ ɕ ɲ u 
	v ʐ ɛ ʑ ɲ i u
wschodach 
	f s x ɔ d a x 
	v z x ɔ d a x
wschodami 
	f s x ɔ d a mʲ i 
	v z x ɔ d a mʲ i
wschodem 
	f s x ɔ d ɛ m 
	v z x ɔ d ɛ m
wschód 
	f s x u t 
	v z x u t
wschód 
	f s x u t 
	v z x u t
wschodom 
	f s x ɔ d ɔ m 
	v z x ɔ d ɔ m
wschodowi 
	f s x ɔ d ɔ vʲ i 
	v z x ɔ d ɔ vʲ i
wschodów 
	f s x ɔ d u f 
	v z x ɔ d u v
wschodu 
	f s x ɔ d u 
	v z x ɔ d u
wschody 
	f s x ɔ d ɨ 
	v z x ɔ d ɨ
wschody 
	f s x ɔ d ɨ 
	v z x ɔ d ɨ
wschody 
	f s x ɔ d ɨ 
	v z x ɔ d ɨ
wschodzie 
	f s x ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	v z x ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
wschodzie 
	f s x ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	v z x ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
wspieranie 
	f s pʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	v s pʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
wspieranie 
	f s pʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	v s pʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
wspieranie 
	f s pʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	v s pʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
współczynnik 
	f s p u w t͡ʂ ɨ n ɲ i k 
	v s p u w t͡ʂ ɨ n ɲ i k
współczynnik 
	f s p u w t͡ʂ ɨ n ɲ i k 
	v s p u w t͡ʂ ɨ n ɲ i k
wspólnota 
	f s p u l n ɔ t a 
	v s p u l n ɔ t a
współpraca 
	f s p u w p r a t͡s a 
	v s p u w p r a t͡s a
współpracownik 
	f s p u w p r a t͡s ɔ v ɲ i k 
	v s p u w p r a t͡s ɔ v ɲ i k
wspominanie 
	f s p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	v s p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
wspominanie 
	f s p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	v s p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
wspominanie 
	f s p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	v s p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
wspomnienia 
	f s p ɔ m ɲ ɛ ɲ a 
	v s p ɔ m ɲ i ɛ ɲ i a
wspomnienia 
	f s p ɔ m ɲ ɛ ɲ a 
	v s p ɔ m ɲ i ɛ ɲ i a
wspomnienia 
	f s p ɔ m ɲ ɛ ɲ a 
	v s p ɔ m ɲ i ɛ ɲ i a
wspomnienia 
	f s p ɔ m ɲ ɛ ɲ a 
	v s p ɔ m ɲ i ɛ ɲ i a
wspomnienie 
	f s p ɔ m ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v s p ɔ m ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wspomnienie 
	f s p ɔ m ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v s p ɔ m ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wspomnienie 
	f s p ɔ m ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v s p ɔ m ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wstążeczka 
	f s t ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	v s t ɔ̃ ʐ ɛ t͡ʂ k a
wstążka 
	f s t ɔ̃ ʂ k a 
	v s t ɔ̃ ʂ k a
wstęga 
	f s t ɛ ŋ ɡ a 
	v s t ɛ~g a
wstęp 
	f s t ɛ m p 
	v s t ɛ~p
wstęp 
	f s t ɛ m p 
	v s t ɛ~p
wstręt 
	f s t r ɛ n t 
	v s t r ɛ~t
wstręt 
	f s t r ɛ n t 
	v s t r ɛ~t
wstrząs 
	f s t ʂ ɔ̃ s 
	v s t ʐ ɔ̃ s
wstrząs 
	f s t ʂ ɔ̃ s 
	v s t ʐ ɔ̃ s
wstrzemięźliwość 
	f s t ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ̃ ʑ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v s t ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ~ʑ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wstrzemięźliwość 
	f s t ʂ ɛ mʲ ɛ̃ ʑ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v s t ʐ ɛ mʲ i ɛ~ʑ lʲ i v ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wszechmoc 
	f ʂ ɛ x m ɔ t͡s 
	v ʂ ɛ x m ɔ t͡s
wszechmoc 
	f ʂ ɛ x m ɔ t͡s 
	v ʂ ɛ x m ɔ t͡s
wszechświat 
	f ʂ ɛ x ɕ fʲ a t 
	v ʂ ɛ x ʑ vʲ i a t
wszechświat 
	f ʂ ɛ x ɕ fʲ a t 
	v ʂ ɛ x ʑ vʲ i a t
wszechwiedza 
	f ʂ ɛ x fʲ ɛ d͡z a 
	v ʂ ɛ x vʲ i ɛ d z a
wtorek 
	f t ɔ r ɛ k 
	v t ɔ r ɛ k
wtorek 
	f t ɔ r ɛ k 
	v t ɔ r ɛ k
wtyczka 
	f t ɨ t͡ʂ k a 
	v t ɨ t͡ʂ k a
wulgaryzm 
	v u l ɡ a r ɨ z m 
	v u l g a r ɨ z m
wulgaryzm 
	v u l ɡ a r ɨ z m 
	v u l g a r ɨ z m
wybieg 
	v ɨ bʲ ɛ k 
	v ɨ bʲ i ɛ k
wybieg 
	v ɨ bʲ ɛ k 
	v ɨ bʲ i ɛ k
wybielacz 
	v ɨ bʲ ɛ l a t͡ʂ 
	v ɨ bʲ i ɛ l a t͡ʂ
wybielacz 
	v ɨ bʲ ɛ l a t͡ʂ 
	v ɨ bʲ i ɛ l a t͡ʂ
wybieranie 
	v ɨ bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
wybieranie 
	v ɨ bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
wybieranie 
	v ɨ bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
wyborów 
	v ɨ b ɔ r u f 
	v ɨ b ɔ r u v
wybraniec 
	v ɨ b r a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	v ɨ p r a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
wybuchanie 
	v ɨ b u x a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ b u x a ɲ i ɛ
wybuchanie 
	v ɨ b u x a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ b u x a ɲ i ɛ
wybuchanie 
	v ɨ b u x a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ b u x a ɲ i ɛ
wychowanie 
	v ɨ x ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ x ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wychowanie 
	v ɨ x ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ x ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wychowanie 
	v ɨ x ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ x ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wycieczka 
	v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ k a 
	v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ k a
wycieczkę 
	v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ 
	v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ k ɛ~
wycieczkowiec 
	v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
wycieczkowiec 
	v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
wycieraczka 
	v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ r a t͡ʂ k a 
	v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ r a t͡ʂ k a
wydanie 
	v ɨ d a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ d a ɲ i ɛ
wydanie 
	v ɨ d a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ d a ɲ i ɛ
wydanie 
	v ɨ d a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ d a ɲ i ɛ
wydarzenie 
	v ɨ d a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ d a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wydarzenie 
	v ɨ d a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ d a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wydarzenie 
	v ɨ d a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ d a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wydawnictwo 
	v ɨ d a v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	v ɨ d a v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
wydawnictwo 
	v ɨ d a v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	v ɨ d a v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
wydawnictwo 
	v ɨ d a v ɲ i t͡s t f ɔ 
	v ɨ d a v ɲ i t͡s d v ɔ
wydmę 
	v ɨ d m ɛ 
	v ɨ d m ɛ~
wydmie 
	v ɨ d mʲ ɛ 
	v ɨ d mʲ i ɛ
wydmie 
	v ɨ d mʲ ɛ 
	v ɨ d mʲ i ɛ
wydrach 
	v ɨ d r a x 
	v ɨ t r a x
wydrami 
	v ɨ d r a mʲ i 
	v ɨ t r a mʲ i
wydrą 
	v ɨ d r ɔ̃ 
	v ɨ t r ɔ̃
wydra 
	v ɨ d r a 
	v ɨ t r a
wydrę 
	v ɨ d r ɛ 
	v ɨ t r ɛ~
wydr 
	v ɨ d r 
	v ɨ t r
wydrom 
	v ɨ d r ɔ m 
	v ɨ t r ɔ m
wydro 
	v ɨ d r ɔ 
	v ɨ t r ɔ
wydry 
	v ɨ d r ɨ 
	v ɨ t r ɨ
wydry 
	v ɨ d r ɨ 
	v ɨ t r ɨ
wydry 
	v ɨ d r ɨ 
	v ɨ t r ɨ
wydry 
	v ɨ d r ɨ 
	v ɨ t r ɨ
wydział 
	v ɨ d͡ʑ a w 
	v ɨ d ʑ i a w
wydział 
	v ɨ d͡ʑ a w 
	v ɨ d ʑ i a w
wydziału 
	v ɨ d͡ʑ a w u 
	v ɨ d ʑ i a w u
wygnaniec 
	v ɨ ɡ n a ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	v ɨ g n a ɲ i ɛ t͡s
wyjaśnianie 
	v ɨ j a ɕ ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ j a ʑ ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
wyjaśnianie 
	v ɨ j a ɕ ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ j a ʑ ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
wyjaśnianie 
	v ɨ j a ɕ ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ j a ʑ ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
wyjątek 
	v ɨ j ɔ n t ɛ k 
	v ɨ j ɔ̃ t ɛ k
wyjątek 
	v ɨ j ɔ n t ɛ k 
	v ɨ j ɔ̃ t ɛ k
wyjątkiem 
	v ɨ j ɔ n t kʲ ɛ m 
	v ɨ j ɔ̃ t kʲ i ɛ m
wyjmowanie 
	v ɨ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wyjmowanie 
	v ɨ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wyjmowanie 
	v ɨ j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wyjścia 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡sʲ i a
wyjścia 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡sʲ i a
wyjścia 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡sʲ i a
wyjścia 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ɕ a 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡sʲ i a
wyjście 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
wyjście 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
wyjście 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡sʲ i ɛ
wyjść 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɨ j ɕ t͡ʂ
wykę 
	v ɨ k ɛ 
	v ɨ k ɛ~
wykładnia 
	v ɨ k w a d ɲ a 
	v ɨ k w a d ɲ i a
wykrzyknik 
	v ɨ k ʂ ɨ k ɲ i k 
	v ɨ k ʐ ɨ g ɲ i k
wykrzyknik 
	v ɨ k ʂ ɨ k ɲ i k 
	v ɨ k ʐ ɨ g ɲ i k
wykształcenie 
	v ɨ k ʂ t a w t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ k ʂ t a w t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wykształcenie 
	v ɨ k ʂ t a w t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ k ʂ t a w t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wykształcenie 
	v ɨ k ʂ t a w t͡s ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ k ʂ t a w t͡s ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wyłączanie 
	v ɨ w ɔ n t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
wyłączanie 
	v ɨ w ɔ n t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
wyłączanie 
	v ɨ w ɔ n t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ w ɔ̃ t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
wyłącznik 
	v ɨ w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	v ɨ w ɔ̃ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
wyłącznik 
	v ɨ w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	v ɨ w ɔ̃ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
wylew 
	v ɨ l ɛ f 
	v ɨ l ɛ v
wylew 
	v ɨ l ɛ f 
	v ɨ l ɛ v
wylogowanie 
	v ɨ l ɔ ɡ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ l ɔ g ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wylogowanie 
	v ɨ l ɔ ɡ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ l ɔ g ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wylogowanie 
	v ɨ l ɔ ɡ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ l ɔ g ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wymiana 
	v ɨ mʲ a n a 
	v ɨ mʲ i a n a
wymiar 
	v ɨ mʲ a r 
	v ɨ mʲ i a r
wymiar 
	v ɨ mʲ a r 
	v ɨ mʲ i a r
wymię 
	v ɨ mʲ ɛ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɛ~
wymienia 
	v ɨ mʲ ɛ ɲ a 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a
wymię 
	v ɨ mʲ ɛ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɛ~
wymię 
	v ɨ mʲ ɛ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɛ~
wymiona 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ n a 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ n a
wymiona 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ n a 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ n a
wymiona 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ n a 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ n a
wymion 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ n 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ n
wymiociny 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ t͡ɕ i n ɨ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i n ɨ
wymiociny 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ t͡ɕ i n ɨ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i n ɨ
wymiociny 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ t͡ɕ i n ɨ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ t͡sʲ i n ɨ
wymiotowanie 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wymiotowanie 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wymiotowanie 
	v ɨ mʲ ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ mʲ i ɔ t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wymówka 
	v ɨ m u f k a 
	v ɨ m u v k a
wymuszenie 
	v ɨ m u ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ m u ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wymuszenie 
	v ɨ m u ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ m u ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wymuszenie 
	v ɨ m u ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ m u ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wynajmowanie 
	v ɨ n a j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ n a j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wynajmowanie 
	v ɨ n a j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ n a j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wynajmowanie 
	v ɨ n a j m ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ n a j m ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
wypędzanie 
	v ɨ p ɛ n d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p ɛ~d z a ɲ i ɛ
wypędzanie 
	v ɨ p ɛ n d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p ɛ~d z a ɲ i ɛ
wypędzanie 
	v ɨ p ɛ n d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p ɛ~d z a ɲ i ɛ
wypiek 
	v ɨ pʲ ɛ k 
	v ɨ pʲ i ɛ k
wypiek 
	v ɨ pʲ ɛ k 
	v ɨ pʲ i ɛ k
wypociny 
	v ɨ p ɔ t͡ɕ i n ɨ 
	v ɨ p ɔ t͡sʲ i n ɨ
wypociny 
	v ɨ p ɔ t͡ɕ i n ɨ 
	v ɨ p ɔ t͡sʲ i n ɨ
wypociny 
	v ɨ p ɔ t͡ɕ i n ɨ 
	v ɨ p ɔ t͡sʲ i n ɨ
wyporność 
	v ɨ p ɔ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɨ p ɔ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wyporność 
	v ɨ p ɔ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɨ p ɔ r n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wypowiedzenie 
	v ɨ p ɔ vʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wypowiedzenie 
	v ɨ p ɔ vʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wypowiedzenie 
	v ɨ p ɔ vʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p ɔ vʲ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wyprowadzanie 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
wyprowadzanie 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
wyprowadzanie 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d z a ɲ i ɛ
wyprowadzenie 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wyprowadzenie 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wyprowadzenie 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ p r ɔ v a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wyprzedaż 
	v ɨ p ʂ ɛ d a ʂ 
	v ɨ p ʐ ɛ d a ʂ
wyprzedaż 
	v ɨ p ʂ ɛ d a ʂ 
	v ɨ p ʐ ɛ d a ʂ
wyrażenie 
	v ɨ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wyrażenie 
	v ɨ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wyrażenie 
	v ɨ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ r a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
wyrocznia 
	v ɨ r ɔ t͡ʂ ɲ a 
	v ɨ r ɔ d͡ʐ ɲ i a
wyrzutnia 
	v ɨ ʐ u t ɲ a 
	v ɨ ʐ u d ɲ i a
wyścig 
	v ɨ ɕ t͡ɕ i k 
	v ɨ ɕ t͡sʲ i k
wyścig 
	v ɨ ɕ t͡ɕ i k 
	v ɨ ɕ t͡sʲ i k
wysokości 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wysokości 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wysokości 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wysokości 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wysokości 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wysokości 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wysokości 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wysokości 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ i 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡sʲ i
wysokość 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wysokość 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɨ s ɔ k ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wyspę 
	v ɨ s p ɛ 
	v ɨ s p ɛ~
wyspie 
	v ɨ s pʲ ɛ 
	v ɨ s pʲ i ɛ
wyspie 
	v ɨ s pʲ ɛ 
	v ɨ s pʲ i ɛ
wyspiarz 
	v ɨ s pʲ a ʂ 
	v ɨ s pʲ i a ʂ
wystarczanie 
	v ɨ s t a r t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ s t a r t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
wystarczanie 
	v ɨ s t a r t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ s t a r t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
wystarczanie 
	v ɨ s t a r t͡ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ s t a r t͡ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
wystaw 
	v ɨ s t a f 
	v ɨ s t a v
wysyłanie 
	v ɨ s ɨ w a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ s ɨ w a ɲ i ɛ
wysyłanie 
	v ɨ s ɨ w a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ s ɨ w a ɲ i ɛ
wysyłanie 
	v ɨ s ɨ w a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ s ɨ w a ɲ i ɛ
wytrzymałość 
	v ɨ t ʂ ɨ m a w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɨ t ʐ ɨ m a w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wytrzymałość 
	v ɨ t ʂ ɨ m a w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɨ t ʐ ɨ m a w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wytrzymałość 
	v ɨ t ʂ ɨ m a w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	v ɨ t ʐ ɨ m a w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
wywiad 
	v ɨ vʲ a t 
	v ɨ vʲ i a t
wywiad 
	v ɨ vʲ a t 
	v ɨ vʲ i a t
wywiadu 
	v ɨ vʲ a d u 
	v ɨ vʲ i a d u
wywoływanie 
	v ɨ v ɔ w ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ v ɔ w ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
wywoływanie 
	v ɨ v ɔ w ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ v ɔ w ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
wywoływanie 
	v ɨ v ɔ w ɨ v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ v ɔ w ɨ v a ɲ i ɛ
wyznacznik 
	v ɨ z n a t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	v ɨ z n a d͡ʐ ɲ i k
wyznacznik 
	v ɨ z n a t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	v ɨ z n a d͡ʐ ɲ i k
wyznanie 
	v ɨ z n a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ z n a ɲ i ɛ
wyznanie 
	v ɨ z n a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ z n a ɲ i ɛ
wyznanie 
	v ɨ z n a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ z n a ɲ i ɛ
wyznawca 
	v ɨ z n a f t͡s a 
	v ɨ z n a v t͡s a
wyzwanie 
	v ɨ z v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ z v a ɲ i ɛ
wyzwanie 
	v ɨ z v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ z v a ɲ i ɛ
wyzwanie 
	v ɨ z v a ɲ ɛ 
	v ɨ z v a ɲ i ɛ
wzgórze 
	v z ɡ u ʐ ɛ 
	v z g u ʐ ɛ
wzgórze 
	v z ɡ u ʐ ɛ 
	v z g u ʐ ɛ
wzgórze 
	v z ɡ u ʐ ɛ 
	v z g u ʐ ɛ
wzrok 
	v z r ɔ k 
	v s r ɔ k
wzrok 
	v z r ɔ k 
	v s r ɔ k
wzrost 
	v z r ɔ s t 
	v s r ɔ s t
wzrost 
	v z r ɔ s t 
	v s r ɔ s t
zaangażowanie 
	z a a n ɡ a ʐ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a a n g a ʐ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zaangażowanie 
	z a a n ɡ a ʐ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a a n g a ʐ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zaangażowanie 
	z a a n ɡ a ʐ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a a n g a ʐ ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zabawę 
	z a b a v ɛ 
	z a b a v ɛ~
zabaw 
	z a b a f 
	z a b a v
zabawce 
	z a b a f t͡s ɛ 
	z a b a v t͡s ɛ
zabawce 
	z a b a f t͡s ɛ 
	z a b a v t͡s ɛ
zabawka 
	z a b a f k a 
	z a b a v k a
zabawki 
	z a b a f kʲ i 
	z a b a v kʲ i
zabawki 
	z a b a f kʲ i 
	z a b a v kʲ i
zabawki 
	z a b a f kʲ i 
	z a b a v kʲ i
zabawki 
	z a b a f kʲ i 
	z a b a v kʲ i
żabę 
	ʐ a b ɛ 
	ʐ a b ɛ~
żabie 
	ʐ a bʲ ɛ 
	ʐ a bʲ i ɛ
żabie 
	ʐ a bʲ ɛ 
	ʐ a bʲ i ɛ
zabieranie 
	z a bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z a bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zabieranie 
	z a bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z a bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zabieranie 
	z a bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z a bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zabijanie 
	z a bʲ i j a ɲ ɛ 
	z a bʲ i j a ɲ i ɛ
zabijanie 
	z a bʲ i j a ɲ ɛ 
	z a bʲ i j a ɲ i ɛ
zabijanie 
	z a bʲ i j a ɲ ɛ 
	z a bʲ i j a ɲ i ɛ
żabkę 
	ʐ a p k ɛ 
	ʐ a p k ɛ~
zabójstwa 
	z a b u j s t f a 
	z a b u j s d v a
zabójstwa 
	z a b u j s t f a 
	z a b u j s d v a
zabójstwa 
	z a b u j s t f a 
	z a b u j s d v a
zabójstwa 
	z a b u j s t f a 
	z a b u j s d v a
zabójstwo 
	z a b u j s t f ɔ 
	z a b u j s d v ɔ
zabójstwo 
	z a b u j s t f ɔ 
	z a b u j s d v ɔ
zabójstwo 
	z a b u j s t f ɔ 
	z a b u j s d v ɔ
zabranianie 
	z a b r a ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p r a ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zabranianie 
	z a b r a ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p r a ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zabranianie 
	z a b r a ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p r a ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
ząb 
	z ɔ m p 
	z ɔ̃ p
ząb 
	z ɔ m p 
	z ɔ̃ p
zębach 
	z ɛ m b a x 
	z ɛ~b a x
zębami 
	z ɛ m b a mʲ i 
	z ɛ~b a mʲ i
zęba 
	z ɛ m b a 
	z ɛ~b a
zębem 
	z ɛ m b ɛ m 
	z ɛ~b ɛ m
zębie 
	z ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	z ɛ~bʲ i ɛ
zębie 
	z ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	z ɛ~bʲ i ɛ
zębom 
	z ɛ m b ɔ m 
	z ɛ~b ɔ m
zębowi 
	z ɛ m b ɔ vʲ i 
	z ɛ~b ɔ vʲ i
zębów 
	z ɛ m b u f 
	z ɛ~b u v
zęby 
	z ɛ m b ɨ 
	z ɛ~b ɨ
zęby 
	z ɛ m b ɨ 
	z ɛ~b ɨ
zęby 
	z ɛ m b ɨ 
	z ɛ~b ɨ
zachcianka 
	z a x t͡ɕ a n k a 
	z a x t͡sʲ i a n k a
zachęta 
	z a x ɛ n t a 
	z a x ɛ~t a
zachodów 
	z a x ɔ d u f 
	z a x ɔ d u v
zachodzie 
	z a x ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	z a x ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
zachodzie 
	z a x ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ 
	z a x ɔ d ʑ i ɛ
zachowanie 
	z a x ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a x ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zachowanie 
	z a x ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a x ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zachowanie 
	z a x ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a x ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zadaniach 
	z a d a ɲ a x 
	z a d a ɲ i a x
żądaniach 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ a x 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i a x
zadaniami 
	z a d a ɲ a mʲ i 
	z a d a ɲ i a mʲ i
żądaniami 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ a mʲ i 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i a mʲ i
zadania 
	z a d a ɲ a 
	z a d a ɲ i a
żądania 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ a 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i a
zadania 
	z a d a ɲ a 
	z a d a ɲ i a
żądania 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ a 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i a
zadania 
	z a d a ɲ a 
	z a d a ɲ i a
żądania 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ a 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i a
zadania 
	z a d a ɲ a 
	z a d a ɲ i a
żądania 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ a 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i a
zadaniem 
	z a d a ɲ ɛ m 
	z a d a ɲ i ɛ m
żądaniem 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ ɛ m 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i ɛ m
zadanie 
	z a d a ɲ ɛ 
	z a d a ɲ i ɛ
żądanie 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i ɛ
zadanie 
	z a d a ɲ ɛ 
	z a d a ɲ i ɛ
żądanie 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i ɛ
zadanie 
	z a d a ɲ ɛ 
	z a d a ɲ i ɛ
żądanie 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i ɛ
zadaniom 
	z a d a ɲ ɔ m 
	z a d a ɲ i ɔ m
żądaniom 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ ɔ m 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i ɔ m
zadaniu 
	z a d a ɲ u 
	z a d a ɲ i u
żądaniu 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ u 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i u
zadaniu 
	z a d a ɲ u 
	z a d a ɲ i u
żądaniu 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ u 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ i u
żądań 
	ʐ ɔ n d a ɲ 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d a ɲ
żądeł 
	ʐ ɔ n d ɛ w 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d ɛ w
żądło 
	ʐ ɔ n d w ɔ 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d w ɔ
żądło 
	ʐ ɔ n d w ɔ 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d w ɔ
żądło 
	ʐ ɔ n d w ɔ 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d w ɔ
zadośćuczynienie 
	z a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ u t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a d ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ u t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zadośćuczynienie 
	z a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ u t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a d ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ u t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zadośćuczynienie 
	z a d ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ u t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a d ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ u t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zadupie 
	z a d u pʲ ɛ 
	z a d u pʲ i ɛ
zadupie 
	z a d u pʲ ɛ 
	z a d u pʲ i ɛ
zadupie 
	z a d u pʲ ɛ 
	z a d u pʲ i ɛ
zadów 
	z a d u f 
	z a d u v
zadzie 
	z a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	z a d ʑ i ɛ
zadzie 
	z a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	z a d ʑ i ɛ
żądza 
	ʐ ɔ n d͡z a 
	ʐ ɔ̃ d z a
zagadce 
	z a ɡ a t t͡s ɛ 
	z a g a t t͡s ɛ
zagadce 
	z a ɡ a t t͡s ɛ 
	z a g a t t͡s ɛ
zagadek 
	z a ɡ a d ɛ k 
	z a g a d ɛ k
zagadką 
	z a ɡ a t k ɔ̃ 
	z a g a t k ɔ̃
zagadka 
	z a ɡ a t k a 
	z a g a t k a
zagadki 
	z a ɡ a t kʲ i 
	z a g a t kʲ i
zagadki 
	z a ɡ a t kʲ i 
	z a g a t kʲ i
zagadki 
	z a ɡ a t kʲ i 
	z a g a t kʲ i
zagadki 
	z a ɡ a t kʲ i 
	z a g a t kʲ i
zaganiacz 
	z a ɡ a ɲ a t͡ʂ 
	z a g a ɲ i a t͡ʂ
żagiel 
	ʐ a ɡʲ ɛ l 
	ʐ a gʲ i ɛ l
żagiel 
	ʐ a ɡʲ ɛ l 
	ʐ a gʲ i ɛ l
żaglowiec 
	ʐ a ɡ l ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʐ a g l ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
żaglowiec 
	ʐ a ɡ l ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʐ a g l ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
żaglówka 
	ʐ a ɡ l u f k a 
	ʐ a g l u v k a
zagon 
	z a ɡ ɔ n 
	z a g ɔ n
zagon 
	z a ɡ ɔ n 
	z a g ɔ n
zagranica 
	z a ɡ r a ɲ i t͡s a 
	z a k r a ɲ i t͡s a
zagroda 
	z a ɡ r ɔ d a 
	z a k r ɔ d a
zagród 
	z a ɡ r u t 
	z a k r u t
zagrody 
	z a ɡ r ɔ d ɨ 
	z a k r ɔ d ɨ
zagrody 
	z a ɡ r ɔ d ɨ 
	z a k r ɔ d ɨ
zagrody 
	z a ɡ r ɔ d ɨ 
	z a k r ɔ d ɨ
zagrody 
	z a ɡ r ɔ d ɨ 
	z a k r ɔ d ɨ
zagrożenie 
	z a ɡ r ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k r ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zagrożenie 
	z a ɡ r ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k r ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zagrożenie 
	z a ɡ r ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k r ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zainteresowanie 
	z a i n t ɛ r ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a i n t ɛ r ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zainteresowanie 
	z a i n t ɛ r ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a i n t ɛ r ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zainteresowanie 
	z a i n t ɛ r ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a i n t ɛ r ɛ s ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zającach 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s a x 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s a x
zającami 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s a mʲ i 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s a mʲ i
zająca 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s a 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s a
zająca 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s a 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s a
zającem 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s ɛ m 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ m
zające 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
zające 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
zające 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s ɛ 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s ɛ
zając 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s
zającom 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s ɔ m 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s ɔ m
zającowi 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s ɔ vʲ i 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s ɔ vʲ i
zającu 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s u 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s u
zającu 
	z a j ɔ n t͡s u 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡s u
zajęcy 
	z a j ɛ n t͡s ɨ 
	z a j ɛ~t͡s ɨ
zajączek 
	z a j ɔ n t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	z a j ɔ̃ t͡ʂ ɛ k
zajawka 
	z a j a f k a 
	z a j a v k a
zajęciach 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a x 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a x
zajęciami 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
zajęcia 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zajęcia 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zajęcia 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zajęcia 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zajęciem 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ m
zajęcie 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zajęcie 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zajęcie 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zajęciom 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ m
zajęciu 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
zajęciu 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	z a j ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
zajęć 
	z a j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	z a j ɛ~t͡ʂ
zajęczak 
	z a j ɛ n t͡ʂ a k 
	z a j ɛ~t͡ʂ a k
zakałę 
	z a k a w ɛ 
	z a k a w ɛ~
zakażenie 
	z a k a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zakażenie 
	z a k a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zakażenie 
	z a k a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
żakiet 
	ʐ a kʲ ɛ t 
	ʐ a kʲ i ɛ t
żakiet 
	ʐ a kʲ ɛ t 
	ʐ a kʲ i ɛ t
zakładanie 
	z a k w a d a ɲ ɛ 
	z a k w a d a ɲ i ɛ
zakładanie 
	z a k w a d a ɲ ɛ 
	z a k w a d a ɲ i ɛ
zakładanie 
	z a k w a d a ɲ ɛ 
	z a k w a d a ɲ i ɛ
zaklęcie 
	z a k l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z a g l ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zaklęcie 
	z a k l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z a g l ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zaklęcie 
	z a k l ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z a g l ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zakończenie 
	z a k ɔ ɲ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k ɔ ɲ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zakończenie 
	z a k ɔ ɲ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k ɔ ɲ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zakończenie 
	z a k ɔ ɲ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a k ɔ ɲ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zakonnica 
	z a k ɔ ɲ ɲ i t͡s a 
	z a k ɔ n ɲ i t͡s a
zakonnik 
	z a k ɔ ɲ ɲ i k 
	z a k ɔ n ɲ i k
zakreślacz 
	z a k r ɛ ɕ l a t͡ʂ 
	z a k r ɛ ʑ l a t͡ʂ
zakreślacz 
	z a k r ɛ ɕ l a t͡ʂ 
	z a k r ɛ ʑ l a t͡ʂ
zakrętka 
	z a k r ɛ n t k a 
	z a k r ɛ~t k a
załącznik 
	z a w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	z a w ɔ̃ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
załącznik 
	z a w ɔ n t͡ʂ ɲ i k 
	z a w ɔ̃ d͡ʐ ɲ i k
zaległość 
	z a l ɛ ɡ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z a l ɛ g w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
zaległość 
	z a l ɛ ɡ w ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z a l ɛ g w ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
zalecie 
	z a l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z a l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
zalecie 
	z a l ɛ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z a l ɛ t͡sʲ i ɛ
zaletę 
	z a l ɛ t ɛ 
	z a l ɛ t ɛ~
zalogowanie 
	z a l ɔ ɡ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a l ɔ g ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zalogowanie 
	z a l ɔ ɡ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a l ɔ g ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zalogowanie 
	z a l ɔ ɡ ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a l ɔ g ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zalotnik 
	z a l ɔ t ɲ i k 
	z a l ɔ d ɲ i k
żałowanie 
	ʐ a w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ a w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
żałowanie 
	ʐ a w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ a w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
żałowanie 
	ʐ a w ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ a w ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
założyciel 
	z a w ɔ ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	z a w ɔ ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ l
żalów 
	ʐ a l u f 
	ʐ a l u v
zamachowiec 
	z a m a x ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	z a m a x ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
zamarzanie 
	z a m a r z a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
zamarzanie 
	z a m a r z a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
zamarzanie 
	z a m a r z a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m a ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
zamawiaczka 
	z a m a vʲ a t͡ʂ k a 
	z a m a vʲ i a t͡ʂ k a
zamieć 
	z a mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	z a mʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
zamieć 
	z a mʲ ɛ t͡ɕ 
	z a mʲ i ɛ t͡ʂ
zamieszanie 
	z a mʲ ɛ ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a mʲ i ɛ ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
zamieszanie 
	z a mʲ ɛ ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a mʲ i ɛ ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
zamieszanie 
	z a mʲ ɛ ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a mʲ i ɛ ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
zamieszki 
	z a mʲ ɛ ʂ kʲ i 
	z a mʲ i ɛ ʂ kʲ i
zamieszki 
	z a mʲ ɛ ʂ kʲ i 
	z a mʲ i ɛ ʂ kʲ i
zamieszki 
	z a mʲ ɛ ʂ kʲ i 
	z a mʲ i ɛ ʂ kʲ i
zamordowanie 
	z a m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zamordowanie 
	z a m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zamordowanie 
	z a m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m ɔ r d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zamówienie 
	z a m u vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a m u vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zamówienie 
	z a m u vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a m u vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zamówienie 
	z a m u vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a m u vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zamykanie 
	z a m ɨ k a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m ɨ k a ɲ i ɛ
zamykanie 
	z a m ɨ k a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m ɨ k a ɲ i ɛ
zamykanie 
	z a m ɨ k a ɲ ɛ 
	z a m ɨ k a ɲ i ɛ
zaopatrzenie 
	z a ɔ p a t ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a ɔ p a t ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zaopatrzenie 
	z a ɔ p a t ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a ɔ p a t ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zaopatrzenie 
	z a ɔ p a t ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a ɔ p a t ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zapachów 
	z a p a x u f 
	z a p a x u v
zapalenie 
	z a p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zapalenie 
	z a p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zapalenie 
	z a p a l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a p a l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zapasie 
	z a p a ɕ ɛ 
	z a p a ɕ i ɛ
zapasie 
	z a p a ɕ ɛ 
	z a p a ɕ i ɛ
zapewnianie 
	z a p ɛ v ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɛ v ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zapewnianie 
	z a p ɛ v ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɛ v ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zapewnianie 
	z a p ɛ v ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɛ v ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zapiekanka 
	z a pʲ ɛ k a n k a 
	z a pʲ i ɛ k a n k a
zapominanie 
	z a p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
zapominanie 
	z a p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
zapominanie 
	z a p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɔ mʲ i n a ɲ i ɛ
zapożyczenie 
	z a p ɔ ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɔ ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zapożyczenie 
	z a p ɔ ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɔ ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zapożyczenie 
	z a p ɔ ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɔ ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zapraszanie 
	z a p r a ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p r a ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
zapraszanie 
	z a p r a ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p r a ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
zapraszanie 
	z a p r a ʂ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p r a ʂ a ɲ i ɛ
zapytanie 
	z a p ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
zapytanie 
	z a p ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
zapytanie 
	z a p ɨ t a ɲ ɛ 
	z a p ɨ t a ɲ i ɛ
zarabianie 
	z a r a bʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a r a bʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zarabianie 
	z a r a bʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a r a bʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zarabianie 
	z a r a bʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z a r a bʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
żarcie 
	ʐ a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
żarcie 
	ʐ a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
żarcie 
	ʐ a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
żargon 
	ʐ a r ɡ ɔ n 
	ʐ a r g ɔ n
żargon 
	ʐ a r ɡ ɔ n 
	ʐ a r g ɔ n
żarówce 
	ʐ a r u f t͡s ɛ 
	ʐ a r u v t͡s ɛ
żarówce 
	ʐ a r u f t͡s ɛ 
	ʐ a r u v t͡s ɛ
żarówką 
	ʐ a r u f k ɔ̃ 
	ʐ a r u v k ɔ̃
żarówka 
	ʐ a r u f k a 
	ʐ a r u v k a
żarówkę 
	ʐ a r u f k ɛ 
	ʐ a r u v k ɛ~
żarówki 
	ʐ a r u f kʲ i 
	ʐ a r u v kʲ i
żarówki 
	ʐ a r u f kʲ i 
	ʐ a r u v kʲ i
żarówki 
	ʐ a r u f kʲ i 
	ʐ a r u v kʲ i
żarówki 
	ʐ a r u f kʲ i 
	ʐ a r u v kʲ i
żartowanie 
	ʐ a r t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ a r t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
żartowanie 
	ʐ a r t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ a r t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
żartowanie 
	ʐ a r t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ a r t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
żarcie 
	ʐ a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
żarcie 
	ʐ a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
żarów 
	ʐ a r u f 
	ʐ a r u v
zasadę 
	z a s a d ɛ 
	z a s a d ɛ~
zasadzie 
	z a s a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	z a s a d ʑ i ɛ
zasadzie 
	z a s a d͡ʑ ɛ 
	z a s a d ʑ i ɛ
zaskroniec 
	z a s k r ɔ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	z a s k r ɔ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
zaspę 
	z a s p ɛ 
	z a s p ɛ~
zaspie 
	z a s pʲ ɛ 
	z a s pʲ i ɛ
zaspie 
	z a s pʲ ɛ 
	z a s pʲ i ɛ
zastrzyk 
	z a s t ʂ ɨ k 
	z a s t ʐ ɨ k
zastrzyk 
	z a s t ʂ ɨ k 
	z a s t ʐ ɨ k
zaświaty 
	z a ɕ fʲ a t ɨ 
	z a ʑ vʲ i a t ɨ
zaświaty 
	z a ɕ fʲ a t ɨ 
	z a ʑ vʲ i a t ɨ
zaświaty 
	z a ɕ fʲ a t ɨ 
	z a ʑ vʲ i a t ɨ
zatokę 
	z a t ɔ k ɛ 
	z a t ɔ k ɛ~
zatrwian 
	z a t r vʲ a n 
	z a t r vʲ i a n
zatrwian 
	z a t r vʲ a n 
	z a t r vʲ i a n
zawartość 
	z a v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z a v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
zawartość 
	z a v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z a v a r t ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
zawciąg 
	z a f t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	z a v t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
zawciąg 
	z a f t͡ɕ ɔ ŋ k 
	z a v t͡sʲ i ɔ̃ k
zawiedzenie 
	z a vʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a vʲ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zawiedzenie 
	z a vʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a vʲ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zawiedzenie 
	z a vʲ ɛ d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z a vʲ i ɛ d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zawieranie 
	z a vʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z a vʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zawieranie 
	z a vʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z a vʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zawieranie 
	z a vʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z a vʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zawiść 
	z a vʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z a vʲ i ɕ t͡ʂ
zawiść 
	z a vʲ i ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z a vʲ i ɕ t͡ʂ
zazdrość 
	z a z d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z a z t r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
zazdrość 
	z a z d r ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z a z t r ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
zbawiciel 
	z b a vʲ i t͡ɕ ɛ l 
	z b a vʲ i t͡sʲ i ɛ l
zbieg 
	z bʲ ɛ k 
	z bʲ i ɛ k
zbieranie 
	z bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zbieranie 
	z bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zbieranie 
	z bʲ ɛ r a ɲ ɛ 
	z bʲ i ɛ r a ɲ i ɛ
zbieżność 
	z bʲ ɛ ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z bʲ i ɛ ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
zbieżność 
	z bʲ ɛ ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z bʲ i ɛ ʐ n ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
zbiorkom 
	z bʲ ɔ r k ɔ m 
	z bʲ i ɔ r k ɔ m
zbiorkom 
	z bʲ ɔ r k ɔ m 
	z bʲ i ɔ r k ɔ m
zbiornik 
	z bʲ ɔ r ɲ i k 
	z bʲ i ɔ r ɲ i k
zbiornik 
	z bʲ ɔ r ɲ i k 
	z bʲ i ɔ r ɲ i k
zbiór 
	z bʲ u r 
	z bʲ i u r
zbiór 
	z bʲ u r 
	z bʲ i u r
zbrodnia 
	z b r ɔ d ɲ a 
	z p r ɔ d ɲ i a
zbrodni 
	z b r ɔ d ɲ i 
	z p r ɔ d ɲ i
zbrodni 
	z b r ɔ d ɲ i 
	z p r ɔ d ɲ i
zbrodni 
	z b r ɔ d ɲ i 
	z p r ɔ d ɲ i
zbrodni 
	z b r ɔ d ɲ i 
	z p r ɔ d ɲ i
zbrojarz 
	z b r ɔ j a ʂ 
	z p r ɔ j a ʂ
zdania 
	z d a ɲ a 
	z d a ɲ i a
zdania 
	z d a ɲ a 
	z d a ɲ i a
zdania 
	z d a ɲ a 
	z d a ɲ i a
zdania 
	z d a ɲ a 
	z d a ɲ i a
zdaniem 
	z d a ɲ ɛ m 
	z d a ɲ i ɛ m
zdanie 
	z d a ɲ ɛ 
	z d a ɲ i ɛ
zdanie 
	z d a ɲ ɛ 
	z d a ɲ i ɛ
zdanie 
	z d a ɲ ɛ 
	z d a ɲ i ɛ
zdaniu 
	z d a ɲ u 
	z d a ɲ i u
zdaniu 
	z d a ɲ u 
	z d a ɲ i u
zdarzenie 
	z d a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z d a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zdarzenie 
	z d a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z d a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zdarzenie 
	z d a ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z d a ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zdementowanie 
	z d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zdementowanie 
	z d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zdementowanie 
	z d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z d ɛ m ɛ n t ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
zdjęciach 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a x 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a x
zdjęciami 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
zdjęcia 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zdjęcia 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zdjęcia 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zdjęciom 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ m
zdjęć 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	z d j ɛ~t͡ʂ
zdjęciach 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a x 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a x
zdjęciami 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
zdjęcia 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zdjęcia 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zdjęcia 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zdjęcia 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zdjęciem 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ m
zdjęcie 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zdjęcie 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zdjęcie 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ
zdjęciom 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɔ m
zdjęciu 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
zdjęciu 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	z d j ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
zdjęć 
	z d j ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	z d j ɛ~t͡ʂ
zdrada 
	z d r a d a 
	z t r a d a
zdradnica 
	z d r a d ɲ i t͡s a 
	z t r a d ɲ i t͡s a
zdradzanie 
	z d r a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	z t r a d z a ɲ i ɛ
zdradzanie 
	z d r a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	z t r a d z a ɲ i ɛ
zdradzanie 
	z d r a d͡z a ɲ ɛ 
	z t r a d z a ɲ i ɛ
zdrajca 
	z d r a j t͡s a 
	z t r a j t͡s a
zdrajczyni 
	z d r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	z t r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
zdrajczyni 
	z d r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	z t r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
zdrajczyni 
	z d r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	z t r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
zdrajczyni 
	z d r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	z t r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
zdrajczyni 
	z d r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i 
	z t r a j t͡ʂ ɨ ɲ i
zdrobnienie 
	z d r ɔ b ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z t r ɔ b ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zdrobnienie 
	z d r ɔ b ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z t r ɔ b ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zdrobnienie 
	z d r ɔ b ɲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z t r ɔ b ɲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zdrowaśka 
	z d r ɔ v a ɕ k a 
	z t r ɔ v a ɕ k a
źdźbło 
	ʑ d͡ʑ b w ɔ 
	ʑ d ʑ b w ɔ
źdźbło 
	ʑ d͡ʑ b w ɔ 
	ʑ d ʑ b w ɔ
źdźbło 
	ʑ d͡ʑ b w ɔ 
	ʑ d ʑ b w ɔ
żebraczka 
	ʐ ɛ b r a t͡ʂ k a 
	ʐ ɛ p r a t͡ʂ k a
żebrak 
	ʐ ɛ b r a k 
	ʐ ɛ p r a k
zebrach 
	z ɛ b r a x 
	z ɛ p r a x
zebrami 
	z ɛ b r a mʲ i 
	z ɛ p r a mʲ i
zebrą 
	z ɛ b r ɔ̃ 
	z ɛ p r ɔ̃
zebra 
	z ɛ b r a 
	z ɛ p r a
zebrę 
	z ɛ b r ɛ 
	z ɛ p r ɛ~
zebr 
	z ɛ b r 
	z ɛ p r
zebrom 
	z ɛ b r ɔ m 
	z ɛ p r ɔ m
zebro 
	z ɛ b r ɔ 
	z ɛ p r ɔ
zebry 
	z ɛ b r ɨ 
	z ɛ p r ɨ
zebry 
	z ɛ b r ɨ 
	z ɛ p r ɨ
zebry 
	z ɛ b r ɨ 
	z ɛ p r ɨ
zebry 
	z ɛ b r ɨ 
	z ɛ p r ɨ
żebrach 
	ʐ ɛ b r a x 
	ʐ ɛ p r a x
żebrami 
	ʐ ɛ b r a mʲ i 
	ʐ ɛ p r a mʲ i
żebra 
	ʐ ɛ b r a 
	ʐ ɛ p r a
żebra 
	ʐ ɛ b r a 
	ʐ ɛ p r a
żebra 
	ʐ ɛ b r a 
	ʐ ɛ p r a
żebra 
	ʐ ɛ b r a 
	ʐ ɛ p r a
żebrem 
	ʐ ɛ b r ɛ m 
	ʐ ɛ p r ɛ m
żebrom 
	ʐ ɛ b r ɔ m 
	ʐ ɛ p r ɔ m
żebro 
	ʐ ɛ b r ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ p r ɔ
żebro 
	ʐ ɛ b r ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ p r ɔ
żebro 
	ʐ ɛ b r ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ p r ɔ
żebru 
	ʐ ɛ b r u 
	ʐ ɛ p r u
zegarek 
	z ɛ ɡ a r ɛ k 
	z ɛ g a r ɛ k
zegarek 
	z ɛ ɡ a r ɛ k 
	z ɛ g a r ɛ k
zegarmistrz 
	z ɛ ɡ a r mʲ i s t ʂ 
	z ɛ g a r mʲ i s t ʂ
zegar 
	z ɛ ɡ a r 
	z ɛ g a r
zegar 
	z ɛ ɡ a r 
	z ɛ g a r
żeglarka 
	ʐ ɛ ɡ l a r k a 
	ʐ ɛ g l a r k a
żeglarstwo 
	ʐ ɛ ɡ l a r s t f ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ g l a r s d v ɔ
żeglarstwo 
	ʐ ɛ ɡ l a r s t f ɔ 
	ʐ ɛ g l a r s d v ɔ
żeglarz 
	ʐ ɛ ɡ l a ʂ 
	ʐ ɛ g l a ʂ
żeglowanie 
	ʐ ɛ ɡ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ g l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
żeglowanie 
	ʐ ɛ ɡ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ g l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
żeglowanie 
	ʐ ɛ ɡ l ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɛ g l ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
żeniec 
	ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ t͡s
żerdź 
	ʐ ɛ r t͡ɕ 
	ʐ ɛ r t ɕ
żerdź 
	ʐ ɛ r t͡ɕ 
	ʐ ɛ r t ɕ
zespołów 
	z ɛ s p ɔ w u f 
	z ɛ s p ɔ w u v
zew 
	z ɛ f 
	z ɛ v
zew 
	z ɛ f 
	z ɛ v
zwie 
	z vʲ ɛ 
	z vʲ i ɛ
zwie 
	z vʲ ɛ 
	z vʲ i ɛ
zwów 
	z v u f 
	z v u v
zeznania 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ a 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ i a
zeznania 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ a 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ i a
zeznania 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ a 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ i a
zeznania 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ a 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ i a
zeznanie 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ i ɛ
zeznanie 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ i ɛ
zeznanie 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɛ z n a ɲ i ɛ
zgliszcze 
	z ɡ lʲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	z g lʲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ
zgliszcze 
	z ɡ lʲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	z g lʲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ
zgliszcze 
	z ɡ lʲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ 
	z g lʲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ
zgon 
	z ɡ ɔ n 
	z g ɔ n
zgon 
	z ɡ ɔ n 
	z g ɔ n
zgorzel 
	z ɡ ɔ ʐ ɛ l 
	z g ɔ ʐ ɛ l
zgorzel 
	z ɡ ɔ ʐ ɛ l 
	z g ɔ ʐ ɛ l
zgred 
	z ɡ r ɛ t 
	z k r ɛ t
zgromadzenie 
	z ɡ r ɔ m a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z k r ɔ m a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zgromadzenie 
	z ɡ r ɔ m a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z k r ɔ m a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zgromadzenie 
	z ɡ r ɔ m a d͡z ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z k r ɔ m a d z ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zgrubienie 
	z ɡ r u bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z k r u bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zgrubienie 
	z ɡ r u bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z k r u bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zgrubienie 
	z ɡ r u bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z k r u bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zgryzota 
	z ɡ r ɨ z ɔ t a 
	z k r ɨ z ɔ t a
zgrzebło 
	z ɡ ʐ ɛ b w ɔ 
	z g ʐ ɛ b w ɔ
zgrzebło 
	z ɡ ʐ ɛ b w ɔ 
	z g ʐ ɛ b w ɔ
zgrzebło 
	z ɡ ʐ ɛ b w ɔ 
	z g ʐ ɛ b w ɔ
zguba 
	z ɡ u b a 
	z g u b a
zgub 
	z ɡ u p 
	z g u p
ziaren 
	ʑ a r ɛ n 
	ʑ i a r ɛ n
ziarna 
	ʑ a r n a 
	ʑ i a r n a
ziarna 
	ʑ a r n a 
	ʑ i a r n a
ziarna 
	ʑ a r n a 
	ʑ i a r n a
ziarna 
	ʑ a r n a 
	ʑ i a r n a
ziarno 
	ʑ a r n ɔ 
	ʑ i a r n ɔ
ziarno 
	ʑ a r n ɔ 
	ʑ i a r n ɔ
ziarno 
	ʑ a r n ɔ 
	ʑ i a r n ɔ
ziarnu 
	ʑ a r n u 
	ʑ i a r n u
ziębach 
	ʑ ɛ m b a x 
	ʑ i ɛ~b a x
ziębami 
	ʑ ɛ m b a mʲ i 
	ʑ i ɛ~b a mʲ i
ziębą 
	ʑ ɛ m b ɔ̃ 
	ʑ i ɛ~b ɔ̃
zięba 
	ʑ ɛ m b a 
	ʑ i ɛ~b a
ziębę 
	ʑ ɛ m b ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ~b ɛ~
ziębie 
	ʑ ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ~bʲ i ɛ
ziębie 
	ʑ ɛ m bʲ ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ~bʲ i ɛ
zięb 
	ʑ ɛ m p 
	ʑ i ɛ~p
ziębom 
	ʑ ɛ m b ɔ m 
	ʑ i ɛ~b ɔ m
ziębo 
	ʑ ɛ m b ɔ 
	ʑ i ɛ~b ɔ
zięby 
	ʑ ɛ m b ɨ 
	ʑ i ɛ~b ɨ
zięby 
	ʑ ɛ m b ɨ 
	ʑ i ɛ~b ɨ
zięby 
	ʑ ɛ m b ɨ 
	ʑ i ɛ~b ɨ
zięby 
	ʑ ɛ m b ɨ 
	ʑ i ɛ~b ɨ
zięć 
	ʑ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ 
	ʑ i ɛ~t͡ʂ
zieleń 
	ʑ ɛ l ɛ ɲ 
	ʑ i ɛ l ɛ ɲ
zieleń 
	ʑ ɛ l ɛ ɲ 
	ʑ i ɛ l ɛ ɲ
ziela 
	ʑ ɛ l a 
	ʑ i ɛ l a
zielem 
	ʑ ɛ l ɛ m 
	ʑ i ɛ l ɛ m
ziele 
	ʑ ɛ l ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ l ɛ
ziele 
	ʑ ɛ l ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ l ɛ
ziele 
	ʑ ɛ l ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ l ɛ
zielu 
	ʑ ɛ l u 
	ʑ i ɛ l u
zielu 
	ʑ ɛ l u 
	ʑ i ɛ l u
ziołach 
	ʑ ɔ w a x 
	ʑ i ɔ w a x
ziołami 
	ʑ ɔ w a mʲ i 
	ʑ i ɔ w a mʲ i
zioła 
	ʑ ɔ w a 
	ʑ i ɔ w a
zioła 
	ʑ ɔ w a 
	ʑ i ɔ w a
zioła 
	ʑ ɔ w a 
	ʑ i ɔ w a
ziół 
	ʑ u w 
	ʑ i u w
ziołom 
	ʑ ɔ w ɔ m 
	ʑ i ɔ w ɔ m
ziemianek 
	ʑ ɛ mʲ a n ɛ k 
	ʑ i ɛ mʲ i a n ɛ k
ziemianka 
	ʑ ɛ mʲ a n k a 
	ʑ i ɛ mʲ i a n k a
ziemia 
	ʑ ɛ mʲ a 
	ʑ i ɛ mʲ i a
ziemię 
	ʑ ɛ mʲ ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ mʲ i ɛ~
ziemi 
	ʑ ɛ mʲ i 
	ʑ i ɛ mʲ i
ziemi 
	ʑ ɛ mʲ i 
	ʑ i ɛ mʲ i
ziemi 
	ʑ ɛ mʲ i 
	ʑ i ɛ mʲ i
ziemniaczek 
	ʑ ɛ m ɲ a t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	ʑ i ɛ m ɲ i a t͡ʂ ɛ k
ziemniaczek 
	ʑ ɛ m ɲ a t͡ʂ ɛ k 
	ʑ i ɛ m ɲ i a t͡ʂ ɛ k
ziemniaki 
	ʑ ɛ m ɲ a kʲ i 
	ʑ i ɛ m ɲ i a kʲ i
ziemniaki 
	ʑ ɛ m ɲ a kʲ i 
	ʑ i ɛ m ɲ i a kʲ i
ziemniaki 
	ʑ ɛ m ɲ a kʲ i 
	ʑ i ɛ m ɲ i a kʲ i
ziemniak 
	ʑ ɛ m ɲ a k 
	ʑ i ɛ m ɲ i a k
ziewanie 
	ʑ ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
ziewanie 
	ʑ ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
ziewanie 
	ʑ ɛ v a ɲ ɛ 
	ʑ i ɛ v a ɲ i ɛ
ziołach 
	ʑ ɔ w a x 
	ʑ i ɔ w a x
ziołami 
	ʑ ɔ w a mʲ i 
	ʑ i ɔ w a mʲ i
zioła 
	ʑ ɔ w a 
	ʑ i ɔ w a
zioła 
	ʑ ɔ w a 
	ʑ i ɔ w a
zioła 
	ʑ ɔ w a 
	ʑ i ɔ w a
zioła 
	ʑ ɔ w a 
	ʑ i ɔ w a
ziołem 
	ʑ ɔ w ɛ m 
	ʑ i ɔ w ɛ m
ziole 
	ʑ ɔ l ɛ 
	ʑ i ɔ l ɛ
ziół 
	ʑ u w 
	ʑ i u w
ziołom 
	ʑ ɔ w ɔ m 
	ʑ i ɔ w ɔ m
zioło 
	ʑ ɔ w ɔ 
	ʑ i ɔ w ɔ
zioło 
	ʑ ɔ w ɔ 
	ʑ i ɔ w ɔ
zioło 
	ʑ ɔ w ɔ 
	ʑ i ɔ w ɔ
ziołu 
	ʑ ɔ w u 
	ʑ i ɔ w u
ziomal 
	ʑ ɔ m a l 
	ʑ i ɔ m a l
ziomek 
	ʑ ɔ m ɛ k 
	ʑ i ɔ m ɛ k
ziom 
	ʑ ɔ m 
	ʑ i ɔ m
zlew 
	z l ɛ f 
	z l ɛ v
zlew 
	z l ɛ f 
	z l ɛ v
złocień 
	z w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	z w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
złocień 
	z w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ ɲ 
	z w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ ɲ
złodziej 
	z w ɔ d͡ʑ ɛ j 
	z w ɔ d ʑ i ɛ j
złotnik 
	z w ɔ t ɲ i k 
	z w ɔ d ɲ i k
złotów 
	z w ɔ t u f 
	z w ɔ t u v
złotówka 
	z w ɔ t u f k a 
	z w ɔ t u v k a
złocie 
	z w ɔ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z w ɔ t͡sʲ i ɛ
złożenie 
	z w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
złożenie 
	z w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
złożenie 
	z w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z w ɔ ʐ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zmartwienie 
	z m a r t fʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r d vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zmartwienie 
	z m a r t fʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r d vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zmartwienie 
	z m a r t fʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r d vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zmartwychwstanie 
	z m a r t f ɨ x f s t a ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r d v ɨ x v s t a ɲ i ɛ
zmartwychwstanie 
	z m a r t f ɨ x f s t a ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r d v ɨ x v s t a ɲ i ɛ
zmartwychwstanie 
	z m a r t f ɨ x f s t a ɲ ɛ 
	z m a r d v ɨ x v s t a ɲ i ɛ
zmęczenie 
	z m ɛ n t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z m ɛ~t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zmęczenie 
	z m ɛ n t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z m ɛ~t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zmęczenie 
	z m ɛ n t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z m ɛ~t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zmiana 
	z mʲ a n a 
	z mʲ i a n a
zmianę 
	z mʲ a n ɛ 
	z mʲ i a n ɛ~
zmian 
	z mʲ a n 
	z mʲ i a n
zmiany 
	z mʲ a n ɨ 
	z mʲ i a n ɨ
zmiany 
	z mʲ a n ɨ 
	z mʲ i a n ɨ
zmiany 
	z mʲ a n ɨ 
	z mʲ i a n ɨ
zmiany 
	z mʲ a n ɨ 
	z mʲ i a n ɨ
zmienianie 
	z mʲ ɛ ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zmienianie 
	z mʲ ɛ ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zmienianie 
	z mʲ ɛ ɲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z mʲ i ɛ ɲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zmienna 
	z mʲ ɛ n n a 
	z mʲ i ɛ n n a
zmienna 
	z mʲ ɛ n n a 
	z mʲ i ɛ n n a
zmierzch 
	z mʲ ɛ ʂ x 
	z mʲ i ɛ ʐ x
zmierzch 
	z mʲ ɛ ʂ x 
	z mʲ i ɛ ʐ x
żmii 
	ʐ mʲ j i 
	ʐ mʲ i i
żmii 
	ʐ mʲ j i 
	ʐ mʲ i i
żmii 
	ʐ mʲ j i 
	ʐ mʲ i i
żmiję 
	ʐ mʲ i j ɛ 
	ʐ mʲ i j ɛ~
zmorę 
	z m ɔ r ɛ 
	z m ɔ r ɛ~
znaczenie 
	z n a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z n a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
znaczenie 
	z n a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z n a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
znaczenie 
	z n a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z n a t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
znajdowania 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ a 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ i a
znajdowaniem 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ m 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ m
znajdowanie 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
znajdowanie 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
znajdowanie 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ ɛ 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ i ɛ
znajdowaniu 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ u 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ i u
znajdowaniu 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ u 
	z n a j d ɔ v a ɲ i u
znajomość 
	z n a j ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z n a j ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
znajomość 
	z n a j ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ɕ 
	z n a j ɔ m ɔ ɕ t͡ʂ
znamię 
	z n a mʲ ɛ 
	z n a mʲ i ɛ~
znamię 
	z n a mʲ ɛ 
	z n a mʲ i ɛ~
znamię 
	z n a mʲ ɛ 
	z n a mʲ i ɛ~
znamiona 
	z n a mʲ ɔ n a 
	z n a mʲ i ɔ n a
znamiona 
	z n a mʲ ɔ n a 
	z n a mʲ i ɔ n a
znamiona 
	z n a mʲ ɔ n a 
	z n a mʲ i ɔ n a
znanie 
	z n a ɲ ɛ 
	z n a ɲ i ɛ
znanie 
	z n a ɲ ɛ 
	z n a ɲ i ɛ
znanie 
	z n a ɲ ɛ 
	z n a ɲ i ɛ
znieczulenie 
	z ɲ ɛ t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ɛ t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
znieczulenie 
	z ɲ ɛ t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ɛ t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
znieczulenie 
	z ɲ ɛ t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ɛ t͡ʂ u l ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zniesławienie 
	z ɲ ɛ s w a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ɛ s w a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zniesławienie 
	z ɲ ɛ s w a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ɛ s w a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zniesławienie 
	z ɲ ɛ s w a vʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ɛ s w a vʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
znikanie 
	z ɲ i k a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i k a ɲ i ɛ
znikanie 
	z ɲ i k a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i k a ɲ i ɛ
znikanie 
	z ɲ i k a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i k a ɲ i ɛ
zniszczenie 
	z ɲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zniszczenie 
	z ɲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zniszczenie 
	z ɲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	z ɲ i ʂ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
żniwiarz 
	ʐ ɲ i vʲ a ʂ 
	ʐ ɲ i vʲ i a ʂ
żołądek 
	ʐ ɔ w ɔ n d ɛ k 
	ʐ ɔ w ɔ̃ d ɛ k
żołądek 
	ʐ ɔ w ɔ n d ɛ k 
	ʐ ɔ w ɔ̃ d ɛ k
żołnę 
	ʐ ɔ w n ɛ 
	ʐ ɔ w n ɛ~
żołnie 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ i ɛ
żołnie 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ i ɛ
żołnierzem 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ ɛ ʐ ɛ m 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ m
żołnierze 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ
żołnierze 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ
żołnierz 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ ɛ ʂ 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ i ɛ ʂ
żołnierzy 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ ɛ ʐ ɨ 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ i ɛ ʐ ɨ
żołnierzy 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ ɛ ʐ ɨ 
	ʐ ɔ w ɲ i ɛ ʐ ɨ
żółwia 
	ʐ u w vʲ a 
	ʐ u w vʲ i a
żółwia 
	ʐ u w vʲ a 
	ʐ u w vʲ i a
żółwie 
	ʐ u w vʲ ɛ 
	ʐ u w vʲ i ɛ
żółwie 
	ʐ u w vʲ ɛ 
	ʐ u w vʲ i ɛ
żółwie 
	ʐ u w vʲ ɛ 
	ʐ u w vʲ i ɛ
żółw 
	ʐ u w f 
	ʐ u w v
zoolog 
	z ɔ ʔ ɔ l ɔ k 
	z ɔ ɔ l ɔ k
zorzę 
	z ɔ ʐ ɛ 
	z ɔ ʐ ɛ~
zostawianie 
	z ɔ s t a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɔ s t a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zostawianie 
	z ɔ s t a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɔ s t a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
zostawianie 
	z ɔ s t a vʲ a ɲ ɛ 
	z ɔ s t a vʲ i a ɲ i ɛ
źrebiąt 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɔ n t 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɔ̃ t
źrebięcia 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
źrebięciem 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ m
źrebięciu 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
źrebięciu 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
źrebię 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~
źrebię 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~
źrebię 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~
źrebiętach 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ n t a x 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t a x
źrebiętami 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t a mʲ i
źrebięta 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ n t a 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t a
źrebięta 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ n t a 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t a
źrebięta 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ n t a 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t a
źrebiętom 
	ʑ r ɛ bʲ ɛ n t ɔ m 
	ɕ r ɛ bʲ i ɛ~t ɔ m
źrenica 
	ʑ r ɛ ɲ i t͡s a 
	ɕ r ɛ ɲ i t͡s a
zrobienia 
	z r ɔ bʲ ɛ ɲ a 
	s r ɔ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i a
zrobienie 
	z r ɔ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s r ɔ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zrobienie 
	z r ɔ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s r ɔ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
zrobienie 
	z r ɔ bʲ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	s r ɔ bʲ i ɛ ɲ i ɛ
źródłosłów 
	ʑ r u d w ɔ s w u f 
	ɕ r u d w ɔ s w u v
źródłosłów 
	ʑ r u d w ɔ s w u f 
	ɕ r u d w ɔ s w u v
źródeł 
	ʑ r u d ɛ w 
	ɕ r u d ɛ w
źródłach 
	ʑ r u d w a x 
	ɕ r u d w a x
źródłami 
	ʑ r u d w a mʲ i 
	ɕ r u d w a mʲ i
źródła 
	ʑ r u d w a 
	ɕ r u d w a
źródła 
	ʑ r u d w a 
	ɕ r u d w a
źródła 
	ʑ r u d w a 
	ɕ r u d w a
źródła 
	ʑ r u d w a 
	ɕ r u d w a
źródłem 
	ʑ r u d w ɛ m 
	ɕ r u d w ɛ m
źródle 
	ʑ r u d l ɛ 
	ɕ r u d l ɛ
źródłom 
	ʑ r u d w ɔ m 
	ɕ r u d w ɔ m
źródło 
	ʑ r u d w ɔ 
	ɕ r u d w ɔ
źródło 
	ʑ r u d w ɔ 
	ɕ r u d w ɔ
źródło 
	ʑ r u d w ɔ 
	ɕ r u d w ɔ
źródłu 
	ʑ r u d w u 
	ɕ r u d w u
zszywka 
	s ʂ ɨ f k a 
	s ʂ ɨ v k a
żubroń 
	ʐ u b r ɔ ɲ 
	ʐ u p r ɔ ɲ
żubrach 
	ʐ u b r a x 
	ʐ u p r a x
żubrami 
	ʐ u b r a mʲ i 
	ʐ u p r a mʲ i
żubra 
	ʐ u b r a 
	ʐ u p r a
żubra 
	ʐ u b r a 
	ʐ u p r a
żubrem 
	ʐ u b r ɛ m 
	ʐ u p r ɛ m
żubr 
	ʐ u b r 
	ʐ u p r
żubrom 
	ʐ u b r ɔ m 
	ʐ u p r ɔ m
żubrowi 
	ʐ u b r ɔ vʲ i 
	ʐ u p r ɔ vʲ i
żubrów 
	ʐ u b r u f 
	ʐ u p r u v
żubry 
	ʐ u b r ɨ 
	ʐ u p r ɨ
żubry 
	ʐ u b r ɨ 
	ʐ u p r ɨ
żubry 
	ʐ u b r ɨ 
	ʐ u p r ɨ
zuchwalstwo 
	z u x f a l s t f ɔ 
	z u x v a l s d v ɔ
zuchwalstwo 
	z u x f a l s t f ɔ 
	z u x v a l s d v ɔ
zuchwalstwo 
	z u x f a l s t f ɔ 
	z u x v a l s d v ɔ
żuchwa 
	ʐ u x f a 
	ʐ u x v a
żukiem 
	ʐ u kʲ ɛ m 
	ʐ u kʲ i ɛ m
żuków 
	ʐ u k u f 
	ʐ u k u v
zupę 
	z u p ɛ 
	z u p ɛ~
zupie 
	z u pʲ ɛ 
	z u pʲ i ɛ
zupie 
	z u pʲ ɛ 
	z u pʲ i ɛ
zwarcie 
	z v a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z v a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
zwarcie 
	z v a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z v a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
zwarcie 
	z v a r t͡ɕ ɛ 
	z v a r t͡sʲ i ɛ
zwiastun 
	z vʲ a s t u n 
	z vʲ i a s t u n
zwiastun 
	z vʲ a s t u n 
	z vʲ i a s t u n
związek 
	z vʲ ɔ̃ z ɛ k 
	z vʲ i ɔ̃ z ɛ k
związek 
	z vʲ ɔ̃ z ɛ k 
	z vʲ i ɔ̃ z ɛ k
związków 
	z vʲ ɔ̃ s k u f 
	z vʲ i ɔ̃ s k u v
związku 
	z vʲ ɔ̃ s k u 
	z vʲ i ɔ̃ s k u
związku 
	z vʲ ɔ̃ s k u 
	z vʲ i ɔ̃ s k u
związku 
	z vʲ ɔ̃ s k u 
	z vʲ i ɔ̃ s k u
związkowiec 
	z vʲ ɔ̃ s k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	z vʲ i ɔ̃ s k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
zwierciadło 
	z vʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ a d w ɔ 
	z vʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i a d w ɔ
zwierciadło 
	z vʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ a d w ɔ 
	z vʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i a d w ɔ
zwierciadło 
	z vʲ ɛ r t͡ɕ a d w ɔ 
	z vʲ i ɛ r t͡sʲ i a d w ɔ
zwierzątko 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ̃ t k ɔ
zwierzątko 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ̃ t k ɔ
zwierzątko 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɔ n t k ɔ 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɔ̃ t k ɔ
zwierzęcia 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ a 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t͡sʲ i a
zwierzęciem 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t͡sʲ i ɛ m
zwierzęciu 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
zwierzęciu 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ ɲ t͡ɕ u 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t͡sʲ i u
zwierzę 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~
zwierzę 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~
zwierzę 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~
zwierzętach 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ n t a x 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t a x
zwierzętami 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ n t a mʲ i 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t a mʲ i
zwierzęta 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ n t a 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t a
zwierzęta 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ n t a 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t a
zwierzęta 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ n t a 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t a
zwierzętom 
	z vʲ ɛ ʐ ɛ n t ɔ m 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʐ ɛ~t ɔ m
zwierz 
	z vʲ ɛ ʂ 
	z vʲ i ɛ ʂ
zwitterjon 
	t͡s fʲ i t ɛ r j ɔ n 
	z vʲ i t t ɛ r j ɔ n
zwitterjon 
	t͡s fʲ i t ɛ r j ɔ n 
	z vʲ i t t ɛ r j ɔ n
zwrotnica 
	z v r ɔ t ɲ i t͡s a 
	z v r ɔ d ɲ i t͡s a
zwrotnik 
	z v r ɔ t ɲ i k 
	z v r ɔ d ɲ i k
zwrotnik 
	z v r ɔ t ɲ i k 
	z v r ɔ d ɲ i k
zwycięstwo 
	z v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	z v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
zwycięstwo 
	z v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	z v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
zwycięstwo 
	z v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ̃ s t f ɔ 
	z v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ~s d v ɔ
zwyciężanie 
	z v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	z v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
zwyciężanie 
	z v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	z v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
zwyciężanie 
	z v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ̃ ʐ a ɲ ɛ 
	z v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ~ʐ a ɲ i ɛ
zwycięzca 
	z v ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ̃ s t͡s a 
	z v ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ~s t͡s a
zybuczkowiec 
	z ɨ b u t͡ʂ k ɔ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	z ɨ b u t͡ʂ k ɔ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
życiach 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ a x 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i a x
życiami 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ a mʲ i 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i a mʲ i
życia 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ a 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i a
życia 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ a 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i a
życia 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ a 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i a
życia 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ a 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i a
życiem 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ m 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ m
życie 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
życie 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
życie 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɛ
życiom 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɔ m 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɔ m
życiu 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ u 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i u
życiu 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ u 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i u
żyć 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ
życiorys 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɔ r ɨ s 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɔ r ɨ s
życiorys 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ɕ ɔ r ɨ s 
	ʐ ɨ t͡sʲ i ɔ r ɨ s
życzenie 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
życzenie 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
życzenie 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ ɛ 
	ʐ ɨ t͡ʂ ɛ ɲ i ɛ
żydówka 
	ʐ ɨ d u f k a 
	ʐ ɨ d u v k a
zygota 
	z ɨ ɡ ɔ t a 
	z ɨ g ɔ t a
zyskiem 
	z ɨ s kʲ ɛ m 
	z ɨ s kʲ i ɛ m
zysków 
	z ɨ s k u f 
	z ɨ s k u v
żywcem 
	ʐ ɨ f t͡s ɛ m 
	ʐ ɨ v t͡s ɛ m
żywiec 
	ʐ ɨ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʐ ɨ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
żywiec 
	ʐ ɨ vʲ ɛ t͡s 
	ʐ ɨ vʲ i ɛ t͡s
